Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

1.3. Python on Mac OS X
1.3. Mac OS X 上的 Python

On Mac OS X, you have two choices for installing Python: install it, or don't install it.
在 Mac OS X 上，对于安装 Python 有两种选择：安装或不安装

You probably want to install it.
您可能想要安装它

Mac OS X 10.2 and later comes with a command-line version of Python preinstalled.
Mac OS X 10.2 及其后续版本已经预装了一个 Python 的命令行版本

If you are comfortable with the command line, you can use this version for the first third of the book.
如果您习惯使用命令行，那么您可以使用它学完本书的三分之一

However, the preinstalled version does not come with an XML parser, so when you get to the XML chapter, you'll need to install the full version.
然而，预安装的版本不带 XML 解析器，所以当您学到 XML 的章节时，您会需要安装完整版

Rather than using the preinstalled version, you'll probably want to install the latest version, which also comes with a graphical interactive shell.
您还可以安装优于预装版本的最新的包含图形界面 Shell 的完整版本

To use the preinstalled version of Python, follow these steps:
使用预装的 Python 版本的步骤：

Open the /Applications folder.
打开 /Applications 文件夹

Open the Utilities folder.
打开 Utilities 文件夹

Double-click Terminal to open a terminal window and get to a command line.
双击 Terminal 打开一个终端进入命令行窗口

Type python at the command prompt.
在提示符下键入 python

Try it out:
试验:

Follow these steps to download and install the latest version of Python:
下面介绍下载并安装 Python 最新版本的过程:

Download the MacPython-OSX disk image from http://homepages.cwi.nl/~jack/macpython/download.html.
从 http://homepages.cwi.nl/~jack/macpython/download.html 下载 MacPython-OSX 磁盘镜像 

If your browser has not already done so, double-click MacPython-OSX-2.3-1.dmg to mount the disk image on your desktop.
下载完毕，双击 MacPython-OSX-2.3-1.dmg 将磁盘镜像挂载到桌面

Double-click the installer, MacPython-OSX.pkg.
双击安装程序 MacPython-OSX.pkg.

The installer will prompt you for your administrative username and password.
安装程序将提示要求您的管理员用户名和口令

Step through the installer program.
按照安装程序的提示一步步执行

After installation is complete, close the installer and open the /Applications folder.
安装完毕后，关闭安装程序，打开 /Applications 文件夹

Open the MacPython-2.3 folder
打开 MacPython-2.3 文件夹

Double-click PythonIDE to launch Python.
双击 PythonIDE 来运行 Python 

The MacPython IDE should display a splash screen, then take you to the interactive shell.
MacPython IDE 将显示启动画面将您带进交互 shell

If the interactive shell does not appear, select Window->Python Interactive (Cmd-0).
如果交互 shell 没有出现，选择 Window->Python Interactive (Cmd-0)

The opening window will look something like this:
您将看到类似如下的信息:

Note that once you install the latest version, the pre-installed version is still present.
请注意，安装完最新版本后，预装版本仍然存在

If you are running scripts from the command line, you need to be aware which version of Python you are using.
如果您从命令行运行脚本，那您需要知道正在使用的是哪一个版本的 Python 

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

