Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

2.4. Everything Is an Object
2.4. 万物皆对象

In case you missed it, I just said that Python functions have attributes, and that those attributes are available at runtime.
也许您没在意，我刚才的意思是 Python 函数有属性，并且这些属性在运行时是可用的

A function, like everything else in Python, is an object.
在 Python 中，函数同其它东西一样也是对象

Open your favorite Python IDE and follow along:
打开您习惯使用的 Python IDE 执行如下的操作：

Before you go any further, I want to briefly mention the library search path.
在我们继续之前，我想简要地提一下库的搜索路径

Python looks in several places when you try to import a module.
当导入一个模块时，Python 在几个地方进行搜索

Specifically, it looks in all the directories defined in sys.path.
明确地，它会对定义在 sys.path 中的目录逐个进行搜索

This is just a list, and you can easily view it or modify it with standard list methods.
它只是一个list (列表)，您可以容易地查看它或通过标准的list方法来修改它

(You'll learn more about lists later in this chapter.)
(在本章的后面我们将学习更多关于list的知识

Everything in Python is an object, and almost everything has attributes and methods.
在 Python 中一切都是对象，并且几乎一切都有属性和方法

All functions have a built-in attribute __doc__, which returns the doc string defined in the function's source code.
所有的函数都有一个内置的 __doc__ 属性，它会返回在函数源代码中定义的 doc string

The sys module is an object which has (among other things) an attribute called path.
sys 模块是一个对象，它有一个叫作 path 的属性

And so forth.
等等

Still, this begs the question.
我们仍然在回避问题的实质，究竟何谓对象

What is an object?
不同的编程语言以不同的方式定义 “对象” 

Different programming languages define “object” in different ways.
 某些语言中，它意味着所有 对象必须 有属性和方法

In some, it means that all objects must have attributes and methods;
另一些语言中，它意味着所有的对象都可以子类化

in others, it means that all objects are subclassable.
在 Python 中，定义是松散的

In Python, the definition is looser;
某些对象既没有属性也没有方法 (关于这一点的说明在 第 3 章)，而且不是所有的对象都可以子类化 (关于这一点的说明在第 5 章)

some objects have neither attributes nor methods (more on this in Chapter 3), and not all objects are subclassable (more on this in Chapter 5).
但是万物皆对象从感性上可以解释为：一切都可以赋值给变量或作为参数传递给函数 (关于这一点的说明在第 4 章)

This is so important that I'm going to repeat it in case you missed it the first few times: everything in Python is an object.
这一点太重要了，所以我会在刚开始就不止一次地反复强调它，以免您没注意到：在 Python 中万物皆对象

Strings are objects.
字符串是对象

Lists are objects.
列表是对象

Functions are objects.
函数是对象

Even modules are objects.
甚至模块也是对象

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

