Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

3.4. Declaring variables
3.4. 变量声明

Now that you know something about dictionaries, tuples, and lists (oh my!), let's get back to the sample program from Chapter 2, odbchelper.py.
现在您已经了解了有关 dictionary、tuple、和 list 的相关知识 (哦，我的老天

Python has local and global variables like most other languages, but it has no explicit variable declarations.
Python 与大多数其它语言一样有局部变量和全局变量之分，但是它没有明显的变量声明

Variables spring into existence by being assigned a value, and they are automatically destroyed when they go out of scope.
变量通过首次赋值产生，当超出作用范围时自动消亡

Notice the indentation.
首先注意缩进

An if statement is a code block and needs to be indented just like a function.
if 语句是代码块，需要像函数一样缩进

Also notice that the variable assignment is one command split over several lines, with a backslash (“\”) serving as a line-continuation marker.
其次，变量的赋值是一条被分成了多行的命令，用反斜线 (“\”) 作为续行符

Strictly speaking, expressions in parentheses, straight brackets, or curly braces (like defining a dictionary) can be split into multiple lines with or without the line continuation character (“\”).
严格地讲，在小括号，方括号或大括号中的表达式 (如定义一个 dictionary) 可以用或者不用续行符 (“\”) 分割成多行

I like to include the backslash even when it's not required because I think it makes the code easier to read, but that's a matter of style.
甚至在不是必需的时候，我也喜欢使用续行符，因为我认为这样会让代码读起来更容易，但那只是风格问题

Third, you never declared the variable myParams, you just assigned a value to it.
第三，您从未声明过变量 myParams，您只是给它赋了一个值

This is like VBScript without the option explicit option.
这点就像是 VBScript 没有设置 option explicit 选项一样

Luckily, unlike VBScript, Python will not allow you to reference a variable that has never been assigned a value;
幸运的是，与 VBScript 不同，Python 不允许您引用一个未被赋值的变量，试图这样做会引发一个异常

You will thank Python for this one day.
迟早有一天您会为此而感谢 Python 

One of the cooler programming shortcuts in Python is using sequences to assign multiple values at once.
Python 中比较 “酷” 的一种编程简写是使用序列来一次给多个变量赋值

This has all sorts of uses.
这种用法有许多种用途

I often want to assign names to a range of values.
我经常想要将一定范围的值赋给多个变量

In C, you would use enum and manually list each constant and its associated value, which seems especially tedious when the values are consecutive.
在 C 语言中，可以使用 enum 类型，手工列出每个常量和其所对应的值，当值是连续的时候这一过程让人感到特别繁琐

In Python, you can use the built-in range function with multi-variable assignment to quickly assign consecutive values.
而在 Python 中，您可以使用内置的 range 函数和多变量赋值的方法来快速进行赋值

You can also use multi-variable assignment to build functions that return multiple values, simply by returning a tuple of all the values.
您也可以使用多变量赋值来创建返回多个值的函数，只要返回一个包含所有值的 tuple 即可

The caller can treat it as a tuple, or assign the values to individual variables.
调用者可以将其视为一个 tuple，或将值赋给独立的变量

Many standard Python libraries do this, including the os module, which you'll discuss in Chapter 6.
许多标准的 Python 库都是这样做的，包括 os 模块，我们将在 第 6 章 中讨论

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

