Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

3.7. Joining Lists and Splitting Strings
3.7. 连接 list 与分割字符串

You have a list of key-value pairs in the form key=value, and you want to join them into a single string.
您有了一个形如 key=value 的 key-value 对 list，并且想将它们合成为单个字符串

To join any list of strings into a single string, use the join method of a string object.
为了将任意包含字符串的 list 连接成单个字符串，可以使用字符串对象的 join 方法

Here is an example of joining a list from the buildConnectionString function:
下面是一个在 buildConnectionString 函数中连接 list 的例子：

One interesting note before you continue.
在我们继续之前有一个有趣的地方

I keep repeating that functions are objects, strings are objects...
我一直在重复函数是对象，字符串是对象，每个东西都是对象的概念

everything is an object.
您也许认为我的意思是说字符串值 是对象

You might have thought I meant that string variables are objects.
但是不对，仔细地看一下这个例子，您将会看到字符串 ";" 本身就是一个对象，您在调用它的 join 方法

The join method joins the elements of the list into a single string, with each element separated by a semi-colon.
总之，这里的 join 方法将 list 中的元素连接成单个字符串，每个元素用一个分号隔开

The delimiter doesn't need to be a semi-colon;
分隔符不必是一个分号

it doesn't even need to be a single character.
它甚至不必是单个字符

It can be any string.
它可以是任何字符串

This string is then returned from the odbchelper function and printed by the calling block, which gives you the output that you marveled at when you started reading this chapter.
上面的字符串是从 odbchelper 函数返回的，被调用块打印出来，这样就给出了您开始阅读本章时令人感到吃惊的输出结果

You're probably wondering if there's an analogous method to split a string into a list.
您可能在想是否存在一个适当的方法来将字符串分割成一个 list

And of course there is, and it's called split.
当然有，它叫做 split

When I first learned Python, I expected join to be a method of a list, which would take the delimiter as an argument.
当我开始学 Python 时，我以为 join 是 list 的方法，它会使用分隔符作为一个参数

Many people feel the same way, and there's a story behind the join method.
很多人都有同样的感觉：在 join 方法的背后有一段故事

Prior to Python 1.6, strings didn't have all these useful methods.
在 Python 1.6 之前，字符串完全没有这些有用的方法

There was a separate string module that contained all the string functions;
有一个独立的 string 模块包含所有的字符串函数，每个函数使用一个字符串作为它的第一个参数

each function took a string as its first argument.
这些函数被认为足够重要，所以它们移到字符串中去了，这就使得诸如 lower、upper 和 split 之类的函数是有意义的

The functions were deemed important enough to put onto the strings themselves, which made sense for functions like lower, upper, and split.
但许多核心的 Python 程序员反对新的 join 方法，争论说应该换成是 list 的一个方法，或不应该移动而仅仅保留为旧的 string 模块 (现仍然还有许多有用的东西在里面) 的一部分

But many hard-core Python programmers objected to the new join method, arguing that it should be a method of the list instead, or that it shouldn't move at all but simply stay a part of the old string module (which still has a lot of useful stuff in it).
我只使用新的 join 方法，但是您还是会看到其它写法

I use the new join method exclusively, but you will see code written either way, and if it really bothers you, you can use the old string.join function instead.
如果它真的使您感到麻烦，您可以使用旧的 string.join 函数来替代

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

