Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

8.2. Introducing sgmllib.py
8.2. sgmllib.py 介绍

HTML processing is broken into three steps: breaking down the HTML into its constituent pieces, fiddling with the pieces, and reconstructing the pieces into HTML again.
HTML 处理分成三步：将 HTML 分解成它的组成片段，对片段进行加工，接着将片段再重新合成 HTML

The first step is done by sgmllib.py, a part of the standard Python library.
第一步是通过 sgmllib.py 来完成的，它是标准 Python 库的一部分

The key to understanding this chapter is to realize that HTML is not just text, it is structured text.
理解本章的关键是要知道 HTML 不只是文本，更是结构化文本

The structure is derived from the more-or-less-hierarchical sequence of start tags and end tags.
这种结构来源于开始与结束标记的或多或少分级序列

Usually you don't work with HTML this way;
通常您并不以这种方式处理 HTML ，而是以文本方式 在一个文本编辑中对其进行处理，或以可视的方式 在一个浏览器中进行浏览或页面编辑工具中进行编辑

you work with it textually in a text editor, or visually in a web browser or web authoring tool.
sgmllib.py 表现出了 HTML 的结构

sgmllib.py contains one important class: SGMLParser.
sgmllib.py 包含一个重要的类：SGMLParser

SGMLParser parses HTML into useful pieces, like start tags and end tags.
SGMLParser 将 HTML 分解成有用的片段，比如开始标记和结束标记

As soon as it succeeds in breaking down some data into a useful piece, it calls a method on itself based on what it found.
在它成功地分解出某个数据为一个有用的片段后，它会根据所发现的数据，调用一个自身内部的方法

In order to use the parser, you subclass the SGMLParser class and override these methods.
为了使用这个分析器，您需要子类化 SGMLParser 类，并且覆盖这些方法

This is what I meant when I said that it presents HTML structurally: the structure of the HTML determines the sequence of method calls and the arguments passed to each method.
这就是当我说它表示了 HTML 结构 的意思：HTML 的结构决定了方法调用的次序和传给每个方法的参数

SGMLParser parses HTML into 8 kinds of data, and calls a separate method for each of them:
SGMLParser 将 HTML 分析成 8 类数据，然后对每一类调用单独的方法：

sgmllib.py comes with a test suite to illustrate this.
sgmllib.py 所附带的一个测试套件举例说明了这一点

You can run sgmllib.py, passing the name of an HTML file on the command line, and it will print out the tags and other elements as it parses them.
您可以运行 sgmllib.py，在命令行下传入一个 HTML 文件的名字，然后它会在分析标记和其它元素的同时将它们打印出来

It does this by subclassing the SGMLParser class and defining unknown_starttag, unknown_endtag, handle_data and other methods which simply print their arguments.
它的实现是通过子类化 SGMLParser 类，然后定义 unknown_starttag，unknown_endtag，handle_data 和其它方法来实现的

Here is a snippet from the table of contents of the HTML version of this book.
下面是一个片段，来自本书的 HTML 版本的目录，toc.html

Of course your paths may vary.
当然，您的存储路径可能与我的有所不同

(If you haven't downloaded the HTML version of the book, you can do so at http://diveintopython.org/.
 (如果您还没有下载本书的 HTML 版本，可以从 http://diveintopython.org/ 下载

Running this through the test suite of sgmllib.py yields this output:
通过 sgmllib.py 的测试套件来运行它，会得到如下的输出结果:

Here's the roadmap for the rest of the chapter:
下面是本章其它部分的路标：

Along the way, you'll also learn about locals, globals, and dictionary-based string formatting.
继续阅读本章，您还可以学习到有关 locals、globals 和基于 dictionary 的字符串格式化的内容

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

