Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

8.3. Extracting data from HTML documents
8.3. 从 HTML 文档中提取数据

To extract data from HTML documents, subclass the SGMLParser class and define methods for each tag or entity you want to capture.
为了从 HTML 文档中提取数据，将 SGMLParser 类进行子类化，然后对想要捕捉的标记或实体定义方法

The first step to extracting data from an HTML document is getting some HTML.
从 HTML 文档中提取数据的第一步是得到某个 HTML 文件

If you have some HTML lying around on your hard drive, you can use file functions to read it, but the real fun begins when you get HTML from live web pages.
如果在您的硬盘里存放着 HTML 文件，您可以使用处理文件的函数将它读出来，但是真正有意思的是从实际的网页得到 HTML

If you have not already done so, you can download this and other examples used in this book.
如果您还没有下载本书附带的样例程序, 可以 下载本程序和其他样例程序

[1] The technical term for a parser like SGMLParser is a consumer: it consumes HTML and breaks it down.
[4] 像 SGMLParser 这样的分析器，技术术语叫做消费者 (consumer)：它消费 HTML，并且拆分它

Presumably, the name feed was chosen to fit into the whole “consumer” motif.
也许因此就选择了 feed 这个名字，以便同消费者 这个主题相适应

Personally, it makes me think of an exhibit in the zoo where there's just a dark cage with no trees or plants or evidence of life of any kind, but if you stand perfectly still and look really closely you can make out two beady eyes staring back at you from the far left corner, but you convince yourself that that's just your mind playing tricks on you, and the only way you can tell that the whole thing isn't just an empty cage is a small innocuous sign on the railing that reads, “Do not feed the parser.”.
就个人来说，它让我想象在动物园看展览，里面有一个黑漆漆的兽穴，没有树，没有植物，没有任何生命的迹象，但只要您非常安静地站着，尽可能靠近着瞧，您会看到在远处的角落里有两只明眸在盯着您，但是您会安慰自已那不过是心理作用，唯一知道兽穴里并不是空无一物的方法，就是在栅栏上有一个不明显的标记，上面写着 “禁止给分析器喂食”

But maybe that's just me.
但也许只有我这么想

In any event, it's an interesting mental image.
不管怎么样，这种心理想象很有意思

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

