Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

12.2. Installing the SOAP Libraries
12.2. 安装 SOAP 库

Unlike the other code in this book, this chapter relies on libraries that do not come pre-installed with Python.
与本书中的其他代码不同，本章依赖的库不是 Python 预安装的

Before you can dive into SOAP web services, you'll need to install three libraries: PyXML, fpconst, and SOAPpy.
在深入学习 SOAP web 服务之前，你需要安装三个库：PyXML、fpconst 和 SOAPpy

The first library you need is PyXML, an advanced set of XML libraries that provide more functionality than the built-in XML libraries we studied in Chapter 9.
你要用到的第一个库是 PyXML，它是 XML 库的一个高级组件，提供了比我们在 第 9 章 学习的 XML 内建库更多的功能

Here is the procedure for installing PyXML:
下面是安装 PyXML 的步骤：

Go to http://pyxml.sourceforge.net/, click Downloads, and download the latest version for your operating system.
访问 http://pyxml.sourceforge.net/，点击 Downloads，下载适合你所使用操作系统的最新版本

If you are using Windows, there are several choices.
如果你所使用的是 Windows，那么你有多个选择

Make sure to download the version of PyXML that matches the version of Python you are using.
一定要确保你所下载的 PyXML 和你所使用的 Python 版本匹配

Double-click the installer.
双击安装程序

If you download PyXML 0.8.3 for Windows and Python 2.3, the installer program will be PyXML-0.8.3.win32-py2.3.exe.
如果你下载的是为 Windows 提供的 PyXML 0.8.3，并且你所使用的是 Python 2.3，这个安装程序应该是 PyXML-0.8.3.win32-py2.3.exe

Step through the installer program.
深入安装过程

After the installation is complete, close the installer.
安装完成后，关闭安装程序，没有任何安装成功的昭示 (并没有在开始菜单、快捷栏或桌面出现图标)

There will not be any visible indication of success (no programs installed on the Start Menu or shortcuts installed on the desktop).
因为 PyXML 仅仅是被其他程序调用的 XML 的库集合

To verify that you installed PyXML correctly, run your Python IDE and check the version of the XML libraries you have installed, as shown here.
要检验 PyXML 安装得是否正确，可以运行 Python IDE，下面的指令可以看到 XML 库的安装版本

This version number should match the version number of the PyXML installer program you downloaded and ran.
这个安装版本号应该和你所下载并安装的 PyXML 安装程序版本号一致

The second library you need is fpconst, a set of constants and functions for working with IEEE754 double-precision special values.
你所需要安装的第二个库是 fpconst，它是一系列支持 IEEE754 double-precision 特殊值的常量和函数，提供了对 Not-a-Number (NaN), Positive Infinity (Inf) 和 Negative Infinity (-Inf) 等特殊值的支持，而这是 SOAP 数据类型规范的组成部分

Here is the procedure for installing fpconst:
下面是 fpconst 的安装过程：

Download the latest version of fpconst from http://www.analytics.washington.edu/statcomp/projects/rzope/fpconst/.
从 http://www.analytics.washington.edu/statcomp/projects/rzope/fpconst/ 下载 fpconst 的最新版本

There are two downloads available, one in .tar.gz format, the other in .zip format.
提供了两种格式的下载：.tar.gz 和 .zip

If you are using Windows, download the .zip file;
如果你使用的是 Windows 操作系统，下载 .zip 文件

otherwise, download the .tar.gz file.
其他情况下应该下载 .tar.gz 文件

Decompress the downloaded file.
对这个文件进行解压缩

On Windows XP, you can right-click on the file and choose Extract All;
在 Windows XP 上你可以鼠标右键单击这个文件并选择“解压文件”

on earlier versions of Windows, you will need a third-party program such as WinZip.
在较早的 Windows 版本上则需要 WinZip 之类的第三方解压程序

On Mac OS X, you can double-click the compressed file to decompress it with Stuffit Expander.
在 Mac OS X 上，可以右键单击压缩文件进行解压

Open a command prompt and navigate to the directory where you decompressed the fpconst files.
打开命令提示符窗口并定位到解压目录

Type python setup.py install to run the installation program.
键入 python setup.py install 运行安装程序

To verify that you installed fpconst correctly, run your Python IDE and check the version number.
要检验 fpconst 安装得是否正确，运行 Python IDE 并查看版本号

This version number should match the version number of the fpconst archive you downloaded and installed.
这个安装版本号应该和你所下载并用于安装的 fpconst 压缩包版本号一致

The third and final requirement is the SOAP library itself: SOAPpy.
第三个，也是最后一个需要安装的库是 SOAP 库本身：SOAPpy

Here is the procedure for installing SOAPpy:
下面是安装 SOAPpy的过程：

Go to http://pywebsvcs.sourceforge.net/ and select Latest Official Release under the SOAPpy section.
访问 http://pywebsvcs.sourceforge.net/ 并选择 SOAPpy 部分中最新的官方发布

There are two downloads available.
提供了两种格式的下载

If you are using Windows, download the .zip file;
如果你使用的是 Windows，那么下载 .zip 文件

otherwise, download the .tar.gz file.
其他情况则下载 .tar.gz 文件

Decompress the downloaded file, just as you did with fpconst.
和安装 fpconst 时一样先解压下载的文件．

Open a command prompt and navigate to the directory where you decompressed the SOAPpy files.
打开命令提示符窗口并定位到解压 SOAPpy 文件的目录

Type python setup.py install to run the installation program.
键入 python setup.py install 运行安装程序

To verify that you installed SOAPpy correctly, run your Python IDE and check the version number.
要检验 SOAPpy 安装得是否正确，运行 Python IDE 并查看版本号

This version number should match the version number of the SOAPpy archive you downloaded and installed.
这个安装版本号应该和你所下载并用于安装的 SOAPpy 压缩包版本号一致

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

