Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

12.5. Introducing WSDL
12.5. WSDL 介绍

The SOAPProxy class proxies local method calls and transparently turns then into invocations of remote SOAP methods.
SOAPProxy 类本地方法调用并透明地转向到远程 SOAP 方法

As you've seen, this is a lot of work, and SOAPProxy does it quickly and transparently.
正如你所看到的，这是很多的工作，SOAPProxy 快速和透明地完成他们

What it doesn't do is provide any means of method introspection.
它没有做到的是提供方法自省的手段

Consider this: the previous two sections showed an example of calling a simple remote SOAP method with one argument and one return value, both of simple data types.
考虑一下：前面两部分所展现的调用只有一个参数和返回的简单远程 SOAP 方法

This required knowing, and keeping track of, the service URL, the service namespace, the function name, the number of arguments, and the datatype of each argument.
服务 URL 和一系列参数及它们的数据类型需要被知道并跟踪

If any of these is missing or wrong, the whole thing falls apart.
任何的缺失或错误都会导致整体的失败

That shouldn't come as a big surprise.
这并没有什么可惊讶的

If I wanted to call a local function, I would need to know what package or module it was in (the equivalent of service URL and namespace).
如果我要调用一个本地函数，我需要知道函数所在的包和模块名 (与之对应的则是服务 URL 和命名空间)

I would need to know the correct function name and the correct number of arguments.
我还需要知道正确的函数名以及其函数个数

Python deftly handles datatyping without explicit types, but I would still need to know how many argument to pass, and how many return values to expect.
Python 精妙地不需明示类型，但我还是需要知道有多少个参数需要传递，多少个值将被返回

The big difference is introspection.
最大的区别就在于内省

As you saw in Chapter 4, Python excels at letting you discover things about modules and functions at runtime.
就像你在 第 4 章 看到的那样，Python 擅长于让你实时地去探索模块和函数的情况

You can list the available functions within a module, and with a little work, drill down to individual function declarations and arguments.
你可以对一个模块中的所有函数进行列表，并不费吹灰之力地明了函数的声明和参数情况

WSDL lets you do that with SOAP web services.
WSDL 允许你对 SOAP 网络服务做相同的事情

WSDL stands for “Web Services Description Language”.
WSDL 是 “网络服务描述语言 (Web Services Description Language)”的缩写

Although designed to be flexible enough to describe many types of web services, it is most often used to describe SOAP web services.
它尽管是为自如地表述多种类型的网络服务而设定，却也经常用于描述 SOAP 网络服务

A WSDL file is just that: a file.
一个 WSDL 文件不过就是一个文件

More specifically, it's an XML file.
更具体地讲，是一个 XML 文件

It usually lives on the same server you use to access the SOAP web services it describes, although there's nothing special about it.
通常存储于你所访问的 SOAP 网络服务这个被描述对象所在的服务器上，并没有什么特殊之处

Later in this chapter, we'll download the WSDL file for the Google API and use it locally.
在本章稍后的位置，我们将下载 Google API 的 WSDL 文件并在本地使用它

That doesn't mean we're calling Google locally;
这并不意味着本地调用 Google，这个 WSDL 文件所描述的仍旧是 Google 服务器上的远程函数

A WSDL file contains a description of everything involved in calling a SOAP web service:
在 WSDL 文件中描述了调用相应的 SOAP 网络服务的一切：

In other words, a WSDL file tells you everything you need to know to be able to call a SOAP web service.
换言之，一个 WSDL 文件告诉你调用 SOAP 所需要知道的一切

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

