Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

12.7. Searching Google
12.7. 搜索 Google

Let's finally turn to the sample code that you saw that the beginning of this chapter, which does something more useful and exciting than get the current temperature.
让我们回到这章开始时你看到的那段代码，获得比当前气温更有价值和令人振奋的信息

Google provides a SOAP API for programmatically accessing Google search results.
Google 提供了一个 SOAP API，以便通过程序进行 Google 搜索

To use it, you will need to sign up for Google Web Services.
使用它的前提是，你注册了 Google 网络服务

Go to http://www.google.com/apis/ and create a Google account.
访问 http://www.google.com/apis/ 并创建一个账号

This requires only an email address.
唯一的需要是提供一个 E-mail 地址

After you sign up you will receive your Google API license key by email.
注册之后，你将通过 E-mail 收到你的 Google API 许可证 (license key)

You will need this key to pass as a parameter whenever you call Google's search functions.
你需要在调用 Google 搜索函数时使用这个许可证

Also on http://www.google.com/apis/, download the Google Web APIs developer kit.
还是在 http://www.google.com/apis/ 上，下载 Google 网络 APIs 开发工具包 (Google Web APIs developer kit)

This includes some sample code in several programming languages (but not Python), and more importantly, it includes the WSDL file.
它包含着包括 Python 在内的多种语言的样例代码，更重要的是它包含着 WSDL 文件

Decompress the developer kit file and find GoogleSearch.wsdl.
解压这个开发工具包并找到 GoogleSearch.wsdl

Copy this file to some permanent location on your local drive.
将这个文件拷贝到你本地驱动器的一个永久地址

You will need it later in this chapter.
在本章后面位置你会用到它

Once you have your developer key and your Google WSDL file in a known place, you can start poking around with Google Web Services.
你有了开发许可证和 Google WSDL 文件之后就可以和 Google 网络服务打交道了

Here is a brief synopsis of all the parameters to the doGoogleSearch function:
这里简要地列出了 doGoogleSearch 函数的所有参数：

The results object contains more than the actual search results.
results 对象中所加载的不仅仅是实际的搜索结果

It also contains information about the search itself, such as how long it took and how many results were found (even though only 10 were returned).
它也含有搜索行为自身的信息，比如耗时和总结果数等 (尽管只返回了10条结果)

The Google web interface shows this information, and you can access it programmatically too.
Google 网页界面中显示了这些信息，通过程序你也同样能获得它们

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

