Dive Into Python
深入 Python :Dive Into Python 中文版

Python from novice to pro
Python 从新手到专家 [Dip_5.4b_CPyUG_Release]

Find: 
Find: 

12.8. Troubleshooting SOAP Web Services
12.8.  SOAP 网络服务故障排除

Of course, the world of SOAP web services is not all happiness and light.
是的，SOAP 网络服务的世界中也不总是欢乐和阳光

Sometimes things go wrong.
有时候也会有故障

As you've seen throughout this chapter, SOAP involves several layers.
正如你在本章中看到的，SOAP 牵扯了很多层面

There's the HTTP layer, since SOAP is sending XML documents to, and receiving XML documents from, an HTTP server.
SOAP 向 HTTP 服务器发送 XML 文档并接收返回的 XML 文档时需要用到 HTTP 层

So all the debugging techniques you learned in Chapter 11, HTTP Web Services come into play here.
这样一来，你在 第 11 章 HTTP Web 服务 学到的调试技术在这里都有了用武之地

You can import httplib and then set httplib.HTTPConnection.debuglevel = 1 to see the underlying HTTP traffic.
你可以 import httplib 并设置 httplib.HTTPConnection.debuglevel = 1 来查看潜在的 HTTP 传输

Beyond the underlying HTTP layer, there are a number of things that can go wrong.
在 HTTP 层之上，还有几个可能发生问题的地方

SOAPpy does an admirable job hiding the SOAP syntax from you, but that also means it can be difficult to determine where the problem is when things don't work.
SOAPpy 隐藏 SOAP 语法的本领令你惊叹不已，但也意味着在发生问题时更难确定问题所在

Here are a few examples of common mistakes that I've made in using SOAP web services, and the errors they generated.
下面的这些例子是我在使用 SOAP 网络服务时犯过的一些常见错误以及所产生的错误信息

Misconfiguring the basic elements of the SOAP service is one of the problems that WSDL aims to solve.
错误配置 SOAP 服务的基本元素是 WSDL 着眼解决的问题

The WSDL file contains the service URL and namespace, so you can't get it wrong.
WSDL 文件包含服务 URL 和命名空间，所以你应该不会在这里犯错

Of course, there are still other things you can get wrong.
但是，还有其他可能出错的地方

It's also possible to write Python code that expects a different number of return values than the remote function actually returns.
Python 所期待的返回值个数与远程函数的实际返回值个数不同是另一种可能的错误

What about Google's web service?
那么 Google 网络服务方面又如何呢

The most common problem I've had with it is that I forget to set the application key properly.
我曾经犯过的最常见的错误是忘记正确设置应用许可证

Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Mark Pilgrim

