Network Applications¶
网络应用¶

HTTP¶
HTTP¶

The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems.
超文本传输协议(HTTP)是为分布式的、协同的多媒体信息系统而设计的应用协议，是万维网数据传输的基础

Python’s standard urllib2 module provides most of the HTTP capabilities you need, but the API is thoroughly broken.
Python的urllib2标准模块涵盖了所需的大多数HTTP功能，但它的API却是支离破碎的

It was built for a different time — and a different web.
它构建在一个和现今完全不同的时期——以及为了一个不一样的网络

It requires an enormous amount of work (even method overrides) to perform the simplest of tasks.
一个简单的任务便需要耗费它大量的工作(即使重写函数也无济于事)

Requests takes all of the work out of Python HTTP — making your integration with web services seamless.
Requests将所有Python HTTP相关的功能剥离了出来，并与网络服务无缝衔接

There’s no need to manually add query strings to your URLs, or to form-encode your POST data.
Requests无需再在URL中添加查询语句或格式编码的POST数据

Keep-alive and HTTP connection pooling are 100% automatic, powered by urllib3, which is embedded within Requests.
而集成在Requests中urllib3，则实现了持久连接和HTTP连接池的完全自动化

Distributed Systems¶
分布式系统¶

ØMQ (also spelled ZeroMQ, 0MQ or ZMQ) is a high-performance asynchronous messaging library aimed at use in scalable distributed or concurrent applications.
ØMQ(也被称作ZeroMQ, 0MQ 或 ZMQ)是一种高性能异步消息传递库，旨在应用于可扩展分布的或并发的应用

It provides a message queue, but unlike message-oriented middleware, a ØMQ system can run without a dedicated message broker.
它提供一个消息队列，但与面向消息的中间件不同，ØMQ系统可在不依赖专用消息代理的情况下运行

The library is designed to have a familiar socket-style API.
ØMQ旨在设计成为类似于socket风格的API

RabbitMQ is an open source message broker software that implements the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP).
RabbitMQ是一种使用了高级消息队列协议(AMQP)的开源消息代理软件

The RabbitMQ server is written in the Erlang programming language and is built on the Open Telecom Platform framework for clustering and failover.
RabbitMQ服务由Erlang编程语言写成，并构建在开放电信平台框架上，应用于集群和故障转移

Client libraries to interface with the broker are available for all major programming languages.
与该代理交互的客户端库支持所有主流编程语言

Follow @kennethreitz
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

Join Mailing List.
获得新版本和未来项目的更新

This guide is now available for pre-order in tangible book form!
订阅Newsletter

All proceeds are being directly donated to the DjangoGirls organization.
如果你享受这份指南,想要支持作者， 请戳Gittip

