Command-line Applications¶
命令行应用¶

Command-line applications, also referred to as Console Applications, are computer programs designed to be used from a text interface, such as a shell.
命令行应用，也被称为 控制台应用 是面向如 shell 之类文本接口的计算机程序

Command-line applications usually accept various inputs as arguments, often referred to as parameters or sub-commands, as well as options, often referred to as flags or switches.
 命令行应用通常接收一些输入作为参数，这些参数（arguments）通常被称为参数（parameters）或子命令 ，而选项（options）则被称为flags或switches

Some popular command-line applications include:
一些流行的命令行应用包括：

Clint¶
Clint¶

clint is a Python module which is filled with very useful tools for developing command-line applications.
clint 是一个Python模块，它包含了很多 对命令行应用开发有用的工具

It supports features such as;
它支持诸如CLI着色以及缩进，简洁而强大的列打印， 基于进度条的迭代以及参数控制的特性

Click¶
Click¶

click is an upcoming Python package for creating command-line interfaces in a composable way with as little code as possible.
click 是一个即将出品的Python包，它创建了一个命令行接口， 可以尽可能的简化组合代码

This “Command-line Interface Creation Kit” is highly configurable but comes with good defaults out of the box.
命令行接口创建工具（“Command-line Interface Creation Kit”,Click） 支持很多配置但也有开箱可用的默认值设定

docopt¶
docopt¶

docopt is a lightweight, highly Pythonic package that allows creating command-line interfaces easily and intuitively, by parsing POSIX-style usage instructions.
docopt 是一个轻量级，高度Pythonic风格的包，它支持 简单而直觉地创建命令行接口，它是通过解析POSIX-style的用法指示文本实现的

Plac¶
Plac¶

Plac is a simple wrapper over the Python standard library argparse, which hides most of its complexity by using a declarative interface: the argument parser is inferred rather than written down by imperatively.
Plac Python标准库 argparse 的简单封装，它隐藏了大量声明接口的细节：参数解析器是被推断的，其优于写命令明确处理

This module targets especially unsophisticated users, programmers, sys-admins, scientists and in general people writing throw-away scripts for themselves, who choose to create a command-line interface because it is quick and simple.
 这个模块的面向是不想太复杂的用户，程序员，系统管理员，科学家以及只是想 写个只运行一次的脚本的人们，使用这个命令行接口的理由是它可以快速实现并且简单

Cliff¶
Cliff¶

Cliff is a framework for building command-line programs.
Cliff 是一个建立命令行程序的框架

It uses setuptools entry points to provide subcommands, output formatters, and other extensions.
 它使用setuptools入口点（entry points）来提供子命令，输出格式化，以及其他的扩展

The framework is meant to be used to create multi-level commands such as subversion and git, where the main program handles some basic argument parsing and then invokes a sub-command to do the work.
这个框架 可以用来创建多层命令程序，如subversion与git，其主程序要进行一些简单的参数解析然后调用 一个子命令干活

Follow @kennethreitz
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

Join Mailing List.
获得新版本和未来项目的更新

This guide is now available for pre-order in tangible book form!
订阅Newsletter

All proceeds are being directly donated to the DjangoGirls organization.
如果你享受这份指南,想要支持作者， 请戳Gittip

