Installing Python on Mac OS X¶
在Mac OS X上安装Python¶

The latest version of Mac OS X, El Capitan, comes with Python 2.7 out of the box.
最新版本的Mac OX X, E1 Captian上 自带 Python 2.7

You do not need to install or configure anything else to use Python.
你不必安装和配置即可直接使用Python进行开发

Having said that, I would strongly recommend that you install the tools and libraries described in the next section before you start building Python applications for real-world use.
 话虽如此，我还是强烈建议各位，在正式开始Python应用开发前，安装接下来教程中所介绍的工具和库

In particular, you should always install Setuptools, as it makes it much easier for you to use other third-party Python libraries.
 特别应该安装Setuptools——它将简化安装和使用Python第三方库的流程

The version of Python that ships with OS X is great for learning but it’s not good for development.
OS X自带的Python版本更适合用于学习而不是开发

The version shipped with OS X may be out of date from the official current Python release, which is considered the stable production version.
因为版本与Python官网发布的 官方最新稳定版本 相比可能已经过时

Doing it Right¶
现在就开始吧

Let’s install a real version of Python.
跟着我一起安装合适的Python吧

Before installing Python, you’ll need to install GCC.
在正式安装之前，应先安装GCC

GCC can be obtained by downloading Xcode, the smaller Command Line Tools (must have an Apple account) or the even smaller OSX-GCC-Installer package.
GCC的获取方式包括：下载安装 XCode, 或安装小巧一些的 Command Line Tools (需要一个Apple账号) 或者更轻巧的 OSX-GCC-Installer 

Note
尽管OS X系统附带了大量UNIX工具，熟悉Linux系统的人员使用时会发现缺少一个重要的组件——合适的包管理工具， Homebrew 正好填补了这个空缺

If you already have Xcode installed, do not install OSX-GCC-Installer.
安装 Homebrew 只需打开 终端 或个人常用的终端模拟器并运行：

Note
运行这段脚本将列出它会引起的改变，并在安装开始前提示你

If you perform a fresh install of Xcode, you will also need to add the commandline tools by running xcode-select --install on the terminal.
接下来可以开始安装Python 2.7：

While OS X comes with a large number of UNIX utilities, those familiar with Linux systems will notice one key component missing: a decent package manager.
耗时大概几分钟

Now, we can install Python 2.7:
Homebrew会自动安装好Setuptools和 pip 

This will take a minute or two.
pip 是一款方便安装和管理Python 包的工具， 在 一些方面 ， 它更优于 easy_install ，故更推荐它

Setuptools & Pip¶
虚拟环境(Virtual Environment)¶

Homebrew installs Setuptools and pip for you.
虚拟环境工具(virturalenv)通过为不同项目创建专属的Python虚拟环境，以实现其依赖的库独立保存在不同的路径

Setuptools enables you to download and install any compliant Python software over a network (usually the Internet) with a single command (easy_install).
举个例子，通过这个工具可以实现依赖Django 1.3的项目与依赖Django 1.0的项目共存

pip is a tool for easily installing and managing Python packages, that is recommended over easy_install.
进一步了解与使用请参考文档 Virtual Environments 

This page is a remixed version of another guide, which is available under the same license.
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

This opinionated guide exists to provide both novice and expert Python developers a best practice handbook to the installation, configuration, and usage of Python on a daily basis.
获得新版本和未来项目的更新

