Continuous Integration¶
持续集成¶

Why?¶
为什么

Martin Fowler, who first wrote about Continuous Integration (short: CI) together with Kent Beck, describes the CI as follows:
Martin Fowler 和 Kent Beck 首次提出 Continuous Integration （简称：CI），将之描述为：

Jenkins¶
Jenkins¶

Jenkins CI is an extensible continuous integration engine.
Jenkins CI 可扩展的持续集成引擎

Use it.
 使用它吧

Buildbot¶
Buildbot¶

Buildbot is a Python system to automate the compile/test cycle to validate code changes.
Buildbot 是一个检查代码变化的自动化编译/ 测试的Python系统

Tox¶
Mule¶

tox is an automation tool providing packaging, testing and deployment of Python software right from the console or CI server.
Mule 是一个轻量级的集成平台，它允许你在任何地方连接任何事物

It is a generic virtualenv management and test command line tool which provides the following features:
你可以使用Mule智能地管理 节点之间的消息路由、数据映射、编制、可靠性、安全性和可扩展性

Travis-CI¶
Tox¶

Travis-CI is a distributed CI server which builds tests for open source projects for free.
Tox 是一款为Python软件提供打包、测试和 开发的自动化工具，基于命令行或CI服务器

It provides multiple workers to run Python tests on and seamlessly integrates with GitHub.
它是一个通用的虚拟环境管理和测试的命令行 工具，提供如下特性：

This will get your project tested on all the listed Python versions by running the given script, and will only build the master branch.
Travis-CI 是一个分布式CI服务器，免费为开源项目构建测试

There are a lot more options you can enable, like notifications, before and after steps and much more.
 它提供多个worker运行Python测试，并能和GitHub无缝集成

The travis-ci docs explain all of these options, and are very thorough.
你甚至可以用它对你的Pull Requests 评论是否构建这个特定的变更集

In order to activate testing for your project, go to the travis-ci site and login with your GitHub account.
作为开始，将 .travis.yml 文件加入到你的仓库中，内容如下:

This opinionated guide exists to provide both novice and expert Python developers a best practice handbook to the installation, configuration, and usage of Python on a daily basis.
这将会使你的工程在罗列的Python版本中，用给定的脚本进行测试，而且只会构建主干分支

Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.
为了激活你的工程的测试，去 travis-ci 网站 登录你的GitHub 账号

Join Mailing List.
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

This guide is now available for pre-order in tangible book form!
获得新版本和未来项目的更新

All proceeds are being directly donated to the DjangoGirls organization.
订阅Newsletter

More Kenneth Reitz projects:
如果你享受这份指南,想要支持作者， 请戳Gittip

Enter search terms or a module, class or function name.
输入相关的术语，模块，类或者函数名称进行搜索

