Your Development Environment¶
你的开发环境¶

Text Editors¶
文本编辑器¶

Just about anything that can edit plain text will work for writing Python code, however, using a more powerful editor may make your life a bit easier.
任何能够编辑普通文本的编辑器都能够用来编写Python代码，然后，使用一个更加强大的编辑器可能使你的生活变得容易点

Vim is a text editor which uses keyboard shortcuts for editing instead of menus or icons.
Vim是一个使用键盘快捷键而不是菜单或图标来编辑的文本编辑器

There are a couple of plugins and settings for the Vim editor to aid Python development.
有许多增强Vim编辑器中Python开发环境的插件和设置

If you only develop in Python, a good start is to set the default settings for indentation and line-wrapping to values compliant with PEP 8.
如果你只开发Python，使用缩进和换行均符合 PEP 8 要求的默认设置是一个好的开始

In your home directory, open a file called .vimrc and add the following lines:
在你的home目录中，打开 .vimrc 文件，添加下面这些内容:

With these settings, newlines are inserted after 79 characters and indentation is set to 4 spaces per tab.
基于上述设置，新行会在超过79个字符被添加，tab键则会自动转换为4个空格

If you also use Vim for other languages, there is a handy plugin called indent, which handles indentation settings for Python source files.
如果你还使用Vim编辑其他语言，有一个叫做 indent 的便捷插件可以让这个设置只为Python源文件服务

There is also a handy syntax plugin called syntax featuring some improvements over the syntax file included in Vim 6.1.
还有一个方便的语法插件叫做 syntax ，改进了Vim 6.1中的语法文件

These plugins supply you with a basic environment for developing in Python.
这些插件使你拥有一个基本的环境进行Python开发

To get the most out of Vim, you should continually check your code for syntax errors and PEP8 compliance.
要最有效的使用Vim，你应该市场检查代码的语法错误和是否符合PEP8

Luckily PEP8 and Pyflakes will do this for you.
幸运的是， PEP8 和 Pyflakes 将会帮你做这些

If your Vim is compiled with +python you can also utilize some very handy plugins to do these checks from within the editor.
如果你的Vim是用 +python 编译的，你也可以在编辑器中使用一些非常有用的插件来做这些检查

For PEP8 checking and pyflakes, you can install vim-flake8.
对于PEP8检查和pyflakes，你可以安装 vim-flake8 

Now you can map the function Flake8 to any hotkey or action you want in Vim.
然后你就可以在Vim中把 Flake8 映射到任何热键或你想要的行为上

The plugin will display errors at the bottom of the screen, and provide an easy way to jump to the corresponding line.
这个插件将会在屏幕下方显示出错误，并且提供一个简单的方式跳转到相关行

It’s very handy to call this function whenever you save a file.
在保存文件的时候调用这个功能会是非常方便的

In order to do this, add the following line to your .vimrc:
要这么做，就把下面一行加入到你的 .vimrc:

If you are already using syntastic, you can set it to run Pyflakes on write and show errors and warnings in the quickfix window.
如果你已经在使用 syntastic ，你可以设置它来运行Pyflakes，并在quickfix窗口中显示错误和警告

An example configuration to do that which also shows status and warning messages in the statusbar would be:
一个这样做并还会在状态栏中显示状态和警告信息的样例是:

Python-mode is a complex solution for working with Python code in Vim.
Python-mode 是一个在Vim中使用Python的综合解决方案

It has:
 它拥有：

And more.
以及其他更多

SuperTab is a small Vim plugin that makes code completion more convenient by using  key or any other customized keys.
SuperTab 是一个小的Vim插件，通过使用  或任何其他定制的按键，能够使代码补全变得更方便

Emacs is another powerful text editor.
Emacs是另一个强大的文本编辑器

It is fully programmable (lisp), but it can be some work to wire up correctly.
它是完全可编程的（lisp），但要正确的工作要花些功夫

A good start if you’re already an Emacs user is Python Programming in Emacs at EmacsWiki.
如果你已经是一名Emacs的用户了，在EmacsWiki上的 Python Programming in Emacs 将会是好的开始

Sublime Text has excellent support for editing Python code and uses Python for its plugin API.
TextMate 将苹果操作系统技术带入了文本编辑器的世界

It also has a diverse variety of plugins, some of which allow for in-editor PEP8 checking and code “linting”.
通过桥接UNIX和GUI，TextMate将两者中最好的部分带给了脚本专家和新手用户

Atom is web native (HTML, CSS, JS), focusing on modular design and easy plugin development.
Sublime Text 是一款高级的，用来编写代码、标记和文章的文本编辑器

It comes with native package control and plethora of packages.
你将会爱上漂亮的用户界面、非凡的特性和惊人的表现

Python for Visual Studio is an extension for the Visual Studio Code IDE.
Atom 是一款21世纪的可删减的（hackable）文本编辑器

This is a free, light weight, open source IDE, with support for Mac, Windows, and Linux.
它基于我们所喜欢的编辑器的任何优秀特性，并构建于atom-shell上

MIT licensed.
Atom是web原生的（HTML、CSS、JS），专注于模块化的设计和简单的插件开发

Komodo IDE is developed by ActiveState and is a commercial IDE for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
PyCharm 由JetBrains公司开发，此公司还以IntelliJ IDEA闻名

KomodoEdit is the open source alternative.
它们都共享着相同的基础代码，PyCharm中大多数特性能通过免费的 Python 插件 带入到IntelliJ中

Spyder is an IDE specifically geared toward working with scientific Python libraries (namely Scipy).
Enthought Canopy 是一款专门面向科学家和工程师的Python IDE，它预装了为数据分析而用的库

Spyder is open-source (free), offers code completion, syntax highlighting, a class and function browser, and object inspection.
Eclipse中进行Python开发最流行的插件是Aptana的 PyDev 

WingIDE is a Python specific IDE.
Komodo IDE 由ActiveState开发，并且是在Windows、Mac和Linux平台上的商业IDE

WingIDE offers code completion, syntax highlighting, source browser, graphical debugger and support for version control systems.
Spyder 是一款专门面向和Python科学库（即 Scipy ）打交道的IDE

NINJA-IDE (from the recursive acronym: “Ninja-IDE Is Not Just Another IDE”) is a cross-platform IDE, specially designed to build Python applications, and runs on Linux/X11, Mac OS X and Windows desktop operating systems.
Spyder是开源的（免费的），提供了代码补全、语法高亮、类和函数浏览器，以及对象检查的功能

NINJA-IDE is open-source software (GPLv3 licence) and is developed in Python and Qt.
WingIDE 是一个专门面向Python的IDE

The source files can be downloaded from GitHub.
它能运行在Linux、Windows和Mac（作为一款X11应用程序，会使某些Mac用户遇到困难）上

Eric is a full featured Python IDE offering sourcecode autocompletion, syntax highlighting, support for version control systems, python 3 support, integrated web browser, python shell, integrated debugger and a flexible plug-in system.
WingIDE提供了代码补全、语法高亮、源代码浏览器、图形化调试器的功能，还支持版本控制系统

To start using and see more information: Virtual Environments docs.
NINJA-IDE是一款开源软件（GPLv3许可），是使用Python和Qt开发

pyenv is a tool to allow multiple versions of the Python interpreter to be installed at the same time.
Eric 是一款功能齐全的Python IDE，提供源代码自动补全、语法高亮、对版本控制系统的支持、对Python 3的支持、集成的web浏览器、Python Shell、集成的调试器和灵活的插件系统等功能

This solves the problem of having different projects requiring different versions of Python.
它基于Qt GUI工具集，使用Python编写，集成了Scintilla编辑器控制

For example, it becomes very easy to install Python 2.7 for compatibility in one project, whilst still using Python 3.4 as the default interpreter.
Eric是一款超过10年活跃开发的开源软件工程（GPLv3许可）

It provides the following features:
To start using and see more information: Virtual Environments docs. 开始使用和查阅更多信息：请参阅 Virtual Environments 文档

IPython provides a rich toolkit to help you make the most out of using Python interactively.
pyenv 是一个允许多个Python解释器版本同时安装于一台机器的工具

Its main components are:
这解决了不同的项目需要不同版本的Python的问题

To download and install IPython with all it’s optional dependencies for the notebook, qtconsole, tests, and other functionalities
pyenv的工作原理是在一个叫做 shims 目录中创建Python解释器（以及其他工具像 pip 和 2to3 等）的假版本

bpython is an alternative interface to the Python interpreter for Unix-like operating systems.
pyenv不是管理虚拟环境的工具，但是有一个叫做 pyenv-virtualenv 的插件可以自动化不同环境的创建，而且也能够使用现有的pyenv工具，基于环境变量或者 .python-version 文件，来切换不同的环境

Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.
IDLE 是一个集成的开发环境，它是Python标准库的一部分

Follow @kennethreitz
它提供以下特性：

Join Mailing List.
IPython 提供一个丰富的工具集来帮助你最大限度地和Python交互

This guide is now available for pre-order in tangible book form!
下载和安装带有所有可选依赖（notebook、qtconsol、tests和其他功能）的IPython

All proceeds are being directly donated to the DjangoGirls organization.
bpython 在类Unix操作系统中可替代Python解释器的接口

More Kenneth Reitz projects:
ptpython 是一个构建在 prompt_toolkit 库顶部的REPL

