The Community¶
社区¶

BDFL¶
BDFL¶

Guido van Rossum, the creator of Python, is often referred to as the BDFL — the Benevolent Dictator For Life.
Python的创始人Guido van Rossum 通常被称为BDFL —— 生活的仁慈独裁者

Python Software Foundation¶
Python软件基金会¶

The mission of the Python Software Foundation is to promote, protect, and advance the Python programming language, and to support and facilitate the growth of a diverse and international community of Python programmers.
Python软件基金会的任务是促进、保护和发展Python编程语言，同时支持和帮助Python编程者的多样、国际化的社区的成长

Learn More about the PSF.
了解更多关于PSF的内容.

PEPs¶
PEPs¶

PEPs are Python Enhancement Proposals.
PEPs是 Python 增强提议

They describe changes to Python itself, or the standards around it.
它们描述了Python自身或者相关库的变化

There are three different types of PEPs (as defined by PEP 1):
这里有三种不同的PEPs类型（由 PEP 1 定义）：

There are a few PEPs that could be considered required reading:
这里有少许PEPs可以认为是要求阅读的：

Read this.
完整阅读它，并照着做

A list of 19 statements that briefly explain the philosophy behind Python.
一个19行的小诗，简述了Python背后的哲学

Gives guidelines for semantics and conventions associated with Python docstrings.
给出了与Python文档字符串相关的语义和约定的指导方针

You can read more at The PEP Index.
你可以在 PEP 索引 上了解更多

PEPs are peer-reviewed and accepted/rejected after much discussion.
PEPs会被同行审阅，并在大量的讨论后决定接受或拒绝

Anyone can write and submit a PEP for review.
任何人都能编写和提交一个PEP供以审阅

Here’s an overview of the PEP acceptance workflow:
这里有一个接受PEP的工作流：

Python Conferences¶
Python会议¶

The major events for the Python community are developer conferences.
Python社区主要的事件就是开发者会议

The two most notable conferences are PyCon, which is held in the US, and its European sibling, EuroPython.
两个最著名的会议就是在美国举办的PyCon，和在欧洲举办的姊妹版会议EuroPython

A comprehensive list of conferences is maintained at pycon.org.
会议的综合列表维护在 pycon.org 上

Python User Groups¶
Python用户组¶

User Groups are where a bunch of Python developers meet to present or talk about Python topics of interest.
用户组就是一群Python开发者见面现身或讨论感兴趣的Python话题的地方

A list of local user groups is maintained at the Python Software Foundation Wiki.
一系列本地用户组维护在 Python 软件基金会 Wiki 中

Follow @kennethreitz
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

Join Mailing List.
获得新版本和未来项目的更新

This guide is now available for pre-order in tangible book form!
订阅Newsletter

All proceeds are being directly donated to the DjangoGirls organization.
如果你享受这份指南,想要支持作者， 请戳Gittip

