Learning Python¶
学习Python¶

Beginner¶
初学者¶

This is the official tutorial.
这是官方教程

It covers all the basics, and offers a tour of the language and the standard library.
它涵盖了所有的基础，并提供了Python语言和标准库的浏览

Recommended for those who need a quick-start guide to the language.
推荐给需要快速开始的人

thepythonguru.com is a tutorial focuses on beginner programmers.
Learnpython.org是一个简单易懂的了解Python的途径

It covers many python concepts in depth.
网站采用了和流行的 Try Ruby 相同的方式，有一个交互式的Python解释器内建于网站中，允许你在学习Python课程时不需要在本地安装Python

Learnpython.org is an easy non-intimidating way to get introduced to Python.
如果你想要更加传统的书籍， Python For You and Me 是一个极佳的学习Python所有方面的资源

If you want a more traditional book, Python For You and Me is an excellent resource for learning all aspects of the language.
Online Python Tutor在视觉上向你一步步展示程序是如何运行的

Online Python Tutor gives you a visual step by step representation of how your program runs.
这个新手书籍是面向没有任何编程经验的对象

Python Tutor helps people overcome a fundamental barrier to learning programming by understanding what happens as the computer executes each line of a program’s source code.
每个章节都有一个小游戏的源码，这些程序例子说明了编程概念，让读者了解到程序是什么样的

This beginner’s book is for those with no programming experience at all.
本书向完全的新手讲解了Python编程和基本的密码学知识

Each chapter has the source code to a small game, using these example programs to demonstrate programming concepts to give the reader an idea of what programs “look like”.
所有章节提供了多种加密源码，也提供了破解程序

This book teaches Python programming and basic cryptography for absolute beginners.
这是一部极佳的新手编程者的Python指南

The chapters provide the source code for various ciphers, as well as programs that can break them.
它涵盖了从控制台到web的“hello world”

This is an excellent beginner programmer’s guide to Python.
这个指南也叫 Python for Programmers with 3 Hours ，它给有其他语言开发经验的开发人员一个关于Python的快速教程

Also known as Python for Programmers with 3 Hours, this guide gives experienced developers from other languages a crash course on Python.
Dive Into Python 3对准备使用Python 3的人来说是一本不错的书

Dive Into Python 3 is a good book for those ready to jump in to Python 3.
Think Python 通过使用Python语言来介绍计算机科学中的基本概念

It’s a good read if you are moving from Python 2 to 3 or if you already have some experience programming in another language.
它着重提供大量的联系、最少的术语以及每章一个小节的调试部分

Think Python attempts to give an introduction to basic concepts in computer science through the use of the Python language.
在探索Python语言不通的特性时，作者编织了不同的设计模式和最佳实践

While exploring the various features available in the Python language the author weaves in various design patterns and best practices.
本书中还包括一些案例研究，将书中的主题应用到实际例子中，供读者对主题进行更深入的讨论

The book also includes several case studies which have the reader explore the topics discussed in the book in greater detail by applying those topics to real-world examples.
Python Koans是Edgecase’s Ruby Koans的迁移版

Case studies include assignments in GUI and Markov Analysis.
它使用测试驱动的方法（参阅TEST DRIVEN DESIGN SECTION）提供一个交互式的教程，来讲解基本的Python概念

Python Koans is a port of Edgecase’s Ruby Koans.
对于那些使用语言并找出自己的困惑的人来说，这会是个有趣并有吸引力的选择

It uses a test-driven approach, q.v.
对于新手来说，拥有一个额外的资源或者参考会是很有用的

For those used to languages and figuring out puzzles on their own, this can be a fun, attractive option.
要了解更多关于测试驱动开发的内容，可以查看以下资源：

More information about test driven development can be found at these resources:
一本为新手讲解Python的免费入门书籍，它假定读者没有编程经验

A free introductory book that teaches Python at the beginner level, it assumes no previous programming experience.
A Byte of Python for Python 2.x

A Codeacademy course for the absolute Python beginner.
A Byte of Python for Python 3.x

Advanced¶
进阶者¶

This book is for intermediate to advanced Python programmers who are looking to understand how and why Python works the way it does and how they can take their code to the next level.
本书是面向从中级到高级，想明白Python是如何以及为何这样工作，如何将代码水平提高一级的Python程序员

Expert Python Programming deals with best practices in programming Python and is focused on the more advanced crowd.
Expert Python Programming讲解编写Python的最佳实践，并专注更高级的人员

It starts with topics like decorators (with caching, proxy, and context manager case-studies), method resolution order, using super() and meta-programming, and general PEP 8 best practices.
它以诸如装饰器（伴随缓存、代理、上下文管理器、案例研究）、方法解析顺序、使用super()、元编程和一般 PEP 8 上的最好实践开始

It has a detailed, multi-chapter case study on writing and releasing a package and eventually an application, including a chapter on using zc.buildout.
它有一个详细的、多章的关于编写的案例研究，发行了一个包并最终成为一个应用，包含使用zc.buildout的一个章节

Later chapters detail best practices such as writing documentation, test-driven development, version control, optimization and profiling.
后面的章节详细讲述了最佳实践，比如编写文档、测试驱动开发、版本控制、优化和分析

This is a collection of blog posts by Rafe Kettler which explain ‘magic methods’ in Python.
这是Rafe Kettler发表博文的集合，解释了Python中的“魔法方法”

Magic methods are surrounded by double underscores (i.e.
魔法方法由双下划线包围（比如 __init__），能够使类和对象表现出不同的、魔法的行为

For Engineers and Scientists¶
工程师和科学家¶

A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python, written by Hans Petter Langtangen, mainly covers Python’s usage in the scientific field.
A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python 由 Hans Petter Langtangen编写，主要涵盖了Python在科学领域的使用

In the book, examples are chosen from mathematics and the natural sciences.
在这本书中，例子是从数学和自然科学中选出的

Numerical Methods in Engineering with Python, written by Jaan Kiusalaas, puts the emphasis on numerical methods and how to implement them in Python.
Numerical Methods in Engineering with Python 由 Jaan Kiusalaas 编写，其重点是数值方法以及如何用Python来实现

Miscellaneous topics¶
各种各样的话题¶

Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures covers a range of data structures and algorithms.
Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures涵盖了一系列数据结构和算法

All concepts are illustrated with Python code along with interactive samples that can be run directly in the browser.
所有概念都用Python代码说明，提供了可在浏览器中直接运行的交互式样例

Programming Collective Intelligence introduces a wide array of basic machine learning and data mining methods.
Programming Collective Intelligence介绍了大量基础的机器学习和数据挖掘方法

The exposition is not very mathematically formal, but rather focuses on explaining the underlying intuition and shows how to implement the algorithms in Python.
其展示在数学上并不是很正式，而是更侧重于解释潜在的直觉，以及展示如何使用Python来实现算法

Transforming Code into Beautiful, Idiomatic Python is a video by Raymond Hettinger.
Transforming Code into Beautiful, Idiomatic Python 是由 Raymond Hettinger制作的视频

Learn to take better advantage of Python’s best features and improve existing code through a series of code transformations, “When you see this, do that instead.”
通过它可以学习到更好地使用Python最佳特性，通过一系列的代码转换来改进现有代码，“当你看见这个，就那样去做”

As the name suggests, it covers everything you need to build and run a complete web app from scratch.
Python in a Nutshell 由 Alex Martelli编写，涵盖了Python跨平台的多数用法，从它的语法到内建库，再到比如说编写C扩展的高级主题

This is Python’s reference manual, it covers the syntax and the core semantics of the language.
Python Pocket Reference 由 Mark Lutz 编写，是一个了解核心语言的易于使用的参考，介绍了常用的模块和工具集

Python Essential Reference, written by David Beazley, is the definitive reference guide to Python.
Python Cookbook 由 David Beazley 和 Brian K. Jones 编写，打包了许多具有实践意义的“食谱”

It concisely explains both the core language and the most essential parts of the standard library.
这本书涵盖了核心Python语言，也涵盖了诸多不同应用的常见任务

Python Pocket Reference, written by Mark Lutz, is an easy to use reference to the core language, with descriptions of commonly used modules and toolkits.
Writing Idiomatic Python 由 Jeff Knupp 编写，包含了最常见和最重要的Python习语，其形式尽可能地有辨识度和易于理解

It covers Python 3 and 2.6 versions.
每个习语都是编写一些常用代码片段的推荐方式，其后会解释为什么这个习语是重要的

Python Cookbook, written by David Beazley and Brian K.
For Python 2.7.3+

“Writing Idiomatic Python”, written by Jeff Knupp, contains the most common and important Python idioms in a format that maximizes identification and understanding.
For Python 3.3+

This opinionated guide exists to provide both novice and expert Python developers a best practice handbook to the installation, configuration, and usage of Python on a daily basis.
本指南目前持续不断地更新与完善

