The Guide Style Guide¶
风格指南指引¶

As with all documentation, having a consistent format helps make the document more understandable.
所有文档都有一致的格式，以帮助更好地理解文档

In order to make The Guide easier to digest, all contributions should fit within the rules of this style guide where appropriate.
为了使指导更容易消化，所有贡献都应适应风格指南的规则

The Guide is written as reStructuredText.
本指南以 reStructuredText 形式编写

Note
尽量保持任何贡献与 本指南目的 相关

Strive to keep any contributions relevant to the purpose of The Guide.
使用下列风格作为标题

Chapter title:
页面标题：

Page title:
小节标题:

Section headings:
次小节标题:

Wrap text lines at 78 characters.
每78个字符进行文字换行

Where necessary, lines may exceed 78 characters, especially if wrapping would make the source text more difficult to read.
必要时可以超过78个字符，尤其是那种换行使得源内容更难阅读的情况

Command line examples:
命令行例子：

Be sure to include the $ prefix before each line.
确保每行前面包含了 $ 前缀

Python interpreter examples:
Python解释器例子：

Python examples:
Python 例子：

Externally Linking¶
外部链接¶

Prefer labels for well known subjects (ex: proper nouns) when linking:
链接时最好使用众所周知的主题（比如一些合适的名词）：

Prefer to use descriptive labels with inline links instead of leaving bare links:
最好使用带有内联链接的描述性标签，而不是单纯的链接:

Avoid using labels such as “click here”, “this”, etc.
避免使用诸如“点击这里”、“这个”等标签

preferring descriptive labels (SEO worthy) instead.
最好使用描述性标签（值得搜索引擎优化，SEO worthy）

Linking to Sections in The Guide¶
指向指南内部章节的链接¶

To cross-reference other parts of this documentation, use the :ref: keyword and labels.
要交叉引用本文档的其他部分，使用 :ref: 关键字和标签

To make reference labels more clear and unique, always add a -ref suffix:
要使引用标签更加清晰和独特，通常加上一个 -ref 后缀：

Notes and Warnings¶
注意和警告¶

Make use of the appropriate admonitions directives when making notes.
使用适当的 警告指示 来说明注意内容

Notes:
注意:

Warnings:
警告:

TODOs¶
要做的事¶

Please mark any incomplete areas of The Guide with a todo directive.
请用 todo 指示 来标记本指南中任何未完成的部分

To avoid cluttering the Todo List, use a single todo for stub documents or large incomplete sections.
避免使 要做的事 混乱，为未完的文档或者大量未完的小节使用单独的 todo

