Utils¶
实用工具¶

Internal subroutines for e.g.
内部的实用小程序

aborting execution with an error message, or performing indenting on multiline output.


Abort execution, print msg to stderr and exit with error status (1.)
终止执行，向 stderr 输入错误信息 msg 并退出（错误状态 1）

This function currently makes use of SystemExit in a manner that is similar to sys.exit (but which skips the automatic printing to stderr, allowing us to more tightly control it via settings).
This function currently makes use of SystemExit in a manner that is similar to sys.exit (but which skips the automatic printing to stderr, allowing us to more tightly control it via settings).

Therefore, it’s possible to detect and recover from inner calls to abort by using except SystemExit or similar.
Therefore, it’s possible to detect and recover from inner calls to abort by using except SystemExit or similar.

Call func with given error message.
给定错误信息 message 以调用 func 

If func is None (the default), the value of env.warn_only determines whether to call abort or warn.
如果 func 为 None ，将根据 env.warn_only 来调用 abort 还是 warn 

If exception is given, it is inspected to get a string message, which is printed alongside the user-generated message.
如果 exception` 参数（应当是字符串类型）存在，将会在用户传入的 message 周围输出它

If stdout and/or stderr are given, they are assumed to be strings to be printed.
如果指定了 stdin 和/或者 stderr ，将作为打印输出的终端

Print text immediately, without any prefix or line ending.
立即打印 text 不添加任何前缀或后缀

This function is simply an alias of puts with different default argument values, such that the text is printed without any embellishment and immediately flushed.
该函数只是 puts 的别名，区别在参数的迷默认值不同， text 将会不加任何装饰地输出出去

It is useful for any situation where you wish to print text which might otherwise get buffered by Python’s output buffering (such as within a processor intensive for loop).
当你想要输出可能被 Python 输出所缓冲（比如在计算密集的 for 循环中）时会很需要它

Since such use cases typically also require a lack of line endings (such as printing a series of dots to signify progress) it also omits the traditional newline by default.
Since such use cases typically also require a lack of line endings (such as printing a series of dots to signify progress) it also omits the traditional newline by default.

Note
注解

Since fastprint calls puts, it is likewise subject to the user output level.
由于 fastprint 会调用 puts ，因此其 output level 也取决于 user 

New in version 0.9.2.
0.9.2 新版功能.

See also
参见

puts
puts

Return text indented by the given number of spaces.
根据给定空格数缩进 text 

If text is not a string, it is assumed to be a list of lines and will be joined by \n prior to indenting.
如果 text 并非字符串，将被当作单行输出的列表，并使用 \n 连接、排列

When strip is True, a minimum amount of whitespace is removed from the left-hand side of the given string (so that relative indents are preserved, but otherwise things are left-stripped).
若 strip 为 True ，a minimum amount of whitespace is removed from the left-hand side of the given string (so that relative indents are preserved, but otherwise things are left-stripped). 这样你就能有效地“规范化”某些输出前的缩进

Check if a stream is a tty.
检查输入输出流是否是 tty

Not all file-like objects implement the isatty method.
并非所有类文件对象都实现了 isatty 方法

An alias for print whose output is managed by Fabric’s output controls.
print 函数的别名，同样受 Fabric 管理输出

In other words, this function simply prints to sys.stdout, but will hide its output if the user output level is set to False.
换句话说，这个函数只是简单地将输出指向 sys.stdout` ，如果``user 将 output level 设置为 False 则隐藏输出

If show_prefix=False, puts will omit the leading [hostname] which it tacks on by default.
如果 show_prefix=False ， puts 将略过默认添加的输出头 [hostname] 

(It will also omit this prefix if env.host_string is empty.)
（如果 env.host_string 为空的话也能起到同样的效果

Newlines may be disabled by setting end to the empty string ('').
设置 end 为空字符串 '' 将不会在末尾输出换行

(This intentionally mirrors Python 3’s print syntax.)
（）

You may force output flushing (e.g.
你可以通过设置 flush=True 来强制立即输出（例如绕过输出缓冲）

New in version 0.9.2.
0.9.2 新版功能.

See also
参见

fastprint
fastprint

Print warning message, but do not abort execution.
打印警告信息，但不退出执行

This function honors Fabric’s output controls and will print the given msg to stderr, provided that the warnings output level (which is active by default) is turned on.
该函数遵循 Fabric output controls 如果已开启 warnings 等级（默认开启），将会向 stderr 打印 msg 

Fabric
Fabric

Pythonic remote execution
Pythonic remote execution

Enter search terms or a module, class or function name.
输入相关的术语，模块，类或者函数名称进行搜索

