Django 1.5 documentation
Django 1.5 documentation

Quick install guide¶
快速安装指南¶

Before you can use Django, you’ll need to get it installed.
在你开始使用 Django 之前，你需要先安装它

We have a complete installation guide that covers all the possibilities;
我们有一个 完整安装指南 它涵盖了所有的安装步骤和可能遇到的问题

this guide will guide you to a simple, minimal installation that’ll work while you walk through the introduction.
本指南将会给你一个最简单、简洁的安装指引

Install Python¶
安装 Python¶

Being a Python Web framework, Django requires Python.
作为一个 Web 框架，Django 需要使用 Python 

It works with any Python version from 2.6.5 to 2.7 (due to backwards incompatibilities in Python 3.0, Django does not currently work with Python 3.0;
它适用 2.6.5 到 2.7 的所有 Python 版本

see the Django FAQ for more information on supported Python versions and the 3.0 transition), these versions of Python include a lightweight database called SQLite so you won’t need to set up a database just yet.
它还具有 3.2 和 3.3 版本的实验性支持

Get Python at http://www.python.org.
在 http://www.python.org 获取 Python 

If you’re running Linux or Mac OS X, you probably already have it installed.
如果你使用 Linux 或者 Mac OS X，那很可能已经安装了 Python 

Django on Jython
在 Jython 使用 Django

If you use Jython (a Python implementation for the Java platform), you’ll need to follow a few additional steps.
如果你使用 Jython (一个在 Java 平台上实现的 Python )，你需要遵循一些额外的步骤

See Running Django on Jython for details.
查看 在 Jyton 上运行 Python 获取详细信息

You can verify that Python is installed by typing python from your shell;
在你的终端命令行(shell)下输入 python 来验证是否已经安装 Python ; 你将看到如下类似的提示信息:

Set up a database¶
建立一个数据库¶

This step is only necessary if you’d like to work with a “large” database engine like PostgreSQL, MySQL, or Oracle.
若你需要一个“大”数据库引擎，例如：PostgreSQL ，MySQL ，或 Oracle ，那此步骤是需要的

To install such a database, consult the database installation information.
 想要安装这样一个数据库，请参考 数据库安装信息.

Remove any old versions of Django¶
删除旧版本的 Django¶

If you are upgrading your installation of Django from a previous version, you will need to uninstall the old Django version before installing the new version.
如果你是从旧版本的 Django 升级安装，你将需要 在安装新版本之前先卸载旧版本的 Django.

Install Django¶
安装 Django¶

You’ve got three easy options to install Django:
你可以使用下面这简单的三个方式来安装 Django:

Always refer to the documentation that corresponds to the version of Django you’re using!
总是参考你所使用的对应版本的 Django 文档

If you do either of the first two steps, keep an eye out for parts of the documentation marked new in development version.
如果采用了前两种方式进行安装，你需要注意在文档中标明**在开发版中新增**的标记

That phrase flags features that are only available in development versions of Django, and they likely won’t work with an official release.
这个标记表明这个特性仅适用开发版的 Django ，而他们可能不在官方版本发布

Verifying¶
验证安装¶

To verify that Django can be seen by Python, type python from your shell.
为了验证 Django 被成功的安装到 Python 中，在你的终端命令行 (shell) 下输入 python 

Then at the Python prompt, try to import Django:
 然后在 Python 提示符下，尝试导入 Django:

That’s it – you can now move onto the tutorial.
安装完成 – 现在你可以 学习入门教程.

Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents

Browse
Browse

You are here:
You are here:

This Page
This Page

Quick search
Quick search

Enter search terms or a module, class or function name.
Enter search terms or a module, class or function name.

Last update:
Last update:

Oct 30, 2013
Dec 02, 2013

