Preface¶
前言¶

This book is a collection of the best practices for using Flask.
这本书是使用 Flask 的最佳实践的合集

There are a lot of pieces to the average Flask application.
有许多 Flask 应用程序常见的代码片段

You’ll often need to interact with a database and authenticate users, for example.
例如，你会经常需要与数据库交互和用户身份验证

In the coming pages I’ll do my best to explain the “right way” to do this sort of stuff.
在接下来的章节里我将尽我所能来解释做这样的事情的“正确的方式”

My recommendations aren’t always going to apply, but I’m hoping that they’ll be a good option most of the time.
我的建议并不总是适用的，但是我希望大部分时候它们是一个很好的选择

Assumptions¶
假设¶

In order to present you with more specific advice, I’ve written this book with a few fundamental assumptions.
为了给你们呈现更加具体的建议，我写这本书有几个基本的假设

It’s important to keep this in mind when you’re reading and applying these recommendations to your own projects.
当你阅读和运用这些建议到你自己的项目中的时候要牢记这一点

Audience¶
读者¶

The content of this book builds upon the information in the official documentation.
这本书的内容是基于官方文档中的信息

I highly recommend that you go through the user guide and follow along with the tutorial.
我强烈地建议你们浏览 用户指南 并且依照 官方教程 （官方教程中文翻译 ）

This will give you a chance to become familiar with the vocabulary of Flask.
这会给你一个机会去熟悉 Flask 的术语

You should understand what views are, the basics of Jinja templating and other fundamental concepts defined for beginners.
你应该会明白什么是视图，Jinja 模板基础知识以及其它一些为初学者定义的基本概念

I’ve tried to avoid overlap with the information already available in the user guide, so if you read this book first, there’s a good chance that you’ll find yourself lost (is that an oxymoron?).
我试图避免与用户指南已有的信息重叠，因此如果你第一次阅读本书的话，你可能会有些迷失

With all of that said, the topics in this book aren’t highly advanced.
除了上面所说，在这本书中的其它主题并不是非常高级的

The goal is just to highlight best practices and patterns that will make development easier for you.
我们的目标就是要强调使得开发变得更加容易地最佳实践和模式

While I’m trying to avoid too much overlap with the official documentation, you may find that I reiterate certain concepts to make sure that they’re familiar.
尽管我试图避免与官方文档有太多重叠，你可能会发现我会重申某些概念以确保你们对它熟悉

You shouldn’t need to have the beginner’s tutorial open while you read this.
当你们阅读这些的时候不必打开初学者教程

Versions¶
版本¶

Python 2 versus Python 3¶
Python 2 VS Python 3¶

As I write this, the Python community is in the midst of a transition from Python 2 to Python 3.
我写这本书的时候，Python 社区正处于 Python 2 到 Python 3 的过渡之中

The official stance of the Python Software Foundation is as follows:
Python 软件基金会的官方立场如下：

As of version 0.10, Flask runs with Python 3.3.
随着版本 0.10 发布，Flask 可以运行在 Python 3.3 上

When I asked Armin Ronacher about whether new Flask apps should begin using Python 3, he said that he’s not yet recommending it to people.
当我询问 Armin Ronacher 有关新的 Flask 应用程序能否开始使用 Python 3，他说他还没有推荐人去使用

I’m not using it myself currently, and I don’t ever recommend to people things that I don’t believe in myself, so I’m very cautious about recommending Python 3.
目前我自己没有使用 Python 3，我永远不要向人们推荐我自己都不相信的东西，因此我很谨慎地推荐使用 Python 3

—Armin Ronacher, creator of Flask [2]
—Armin Ronacher，Flask 创始人 [2]

One reason for holding off on Python 3 is that many common dependencies haven’t been ported yet.
就 Python 3 持观望态度的原因之一是许多常见的依赖库还没有被移植到 Python 3 上

You don’t want to build a project around Python 3 only to realize a few months down the line that you can’t use packages X, Y and Z.
你不想要在使用 Python 3 构建一个项目几个月后才意识到你不能使用包 X，Y 以及 Z

It’s possible that eventually Flask will officially recommend Python 3 for new projects, but for now it’s all about Python 2.
可能最终 Flask 将正式推荐用 Python 3 开发新项目，但是现在所有一切都是关于 Python 2

Note
Note

The Python 3 Wall of Superpowers tracks which major Python packages have been ported to Python 3.
Python 3 Wall of Superpowers 记录着那些已经迁移到 Python 3 的主要 Python 库

Since this book is meant to provide practical advice, I think it makes sense to write with the assumption of Python 2.
因为本书目的是提供实用的建议，我认为很有意义基于 Python 2 来编写应用

Specifically, I’ll be writing the book with Python 2.7 in mind.
特别地，我将会使用 Python 2.7 来完成本书的代码

Future updates may very well change this to evolve with the Flask community, but for now 2.7 is where we stand.
未来可能会随着 Flask 社区的演变进行更新，但是目前我们坚持使用 Python 2.7

Flask version 0.10¶
Flask 版本 0.10¶

At the time of writing this, 0.10 is the latest version of Flask (0.10.1 to be exact).
在编写这本书的时候，0.10 是 Flask 的最新版本（准确的是 0.10.1）

Most of the lessons in this book aren’t going to change with minor updates to Flask, but it’s something to keep in mind nonetheless.
本书大部分的内容是不会随着 Flask 较小的更新发生变化，但这是要记住的东西

Living document¶
动态文件¶

The content of this books is going to be updated on the fly, rather than with periodic releases.
本书的内容会动态地更新，而不是定期发布更新

That is one of the benefits of putting the content out there for free, rather than putting it behind a walled garden.
这也是把书籍免费公开的好处之一

The web is a much more fluid distribution channel than print or even PDFs.
网站是比印刷或者甚至 PDFs 更加流畅的发布途径

The book’s source is hosted on GitHub and that is where “development” will be happening.
这本书的源文件托管在 on GitHub，贡献和主意随时欢迎

Conventions used in this book¶
本书使用的约定¶

Each chapter stands on its own¶
每一章节是独立的¶

Each chapter in this book is an isolated lesson.
本书的每一章都是独立的课程

Many books and tutorials are written as one long lesson.
许多的书籍以及教程都是写成一个很长的课程

Generally this means that an example program or application is created and updated throughout the book to demonstrate concepts and lessons.
通常这就意味着一个示例程序或者应用被创建以及更新，这些示例或者应用贯穿全书为了解释概念和课程

Instead, examples are included in each lesson to demonstrate the concepts, but the examples from different chapters aren’t meant to be combined into one large project.
相反，本书每个章节都有不同的示例来解释概念，但是来自不同章节的示例并没有打算组合成一个大的项目

Formatting¶
格式化¶

Footnotes will be used for citations so you don’t think I’m making things up.
脚注将用于引用，这样你就不会认为我说假话

[3]
 [3]

Italic text will be used to denote a file name.
斜体文本 将被用于表示一个文件名

Bold text will be used to denote a new or important term.
粗体文本 将用于表示一个新的或者重要的名词

Warning
Warning

Common pitfalls that could cause major problems will be shown in a warning box.
可能会导致重大问题的常见陷阱将会以警告框的形式显示

Note
Note

Supplemental information will appear in note boxes.
补充信息将会以注解框形式出现

Easter eggs¶
彩蛋¶

Six backer names from the Kickstarter campaign have been encoded and sprinkled around the book.
来自 Kickstarter 活动中 6 位支持者的姓名被编码并且分散在书中

If you find all six and email the locations to me, I’ll send you an extraordinarily mediocre prize.
如果你发现所有 6 个姓名的话，邮件发送它们所在的位置给我，我会给你一个小小的奖励

No hints.
没有提示

Summary¶
摘要¶

This book contains recommendations for using Flask.
这本书包含了使用 Flask 的建议

I’m assuming that you’ve gone through the Flask tutorial.
我假设你们已经浏览了 Flask 官方教程

I’m using Python 2.7.
我假设你们正在使用 Python 2.7

I’m using Flask 0.10.
我假设你们正在使用 Flask 0.10

I’ll do my best to keep the content of the book up-to-date.
我会尽我所能及时地更新书的内容

Each chapter in this book stands on its own.
本书的每一章节都是独立的

There are a few ways that I’ll use formatting to convey additional information about the content.
有几种我使用来表达内容的附加信息的格式

Summaries will appear as concise lists of takeaways from the chapters.
摘要将会以列表形式出现在每一章节的结尾

© Copyright 2014, Robert Picard.
京ICP备14002119号-1   | © Copyright 2014, Robert Picard, Translated by D.D.

