Sending e-mail¶
发送email¶

Although Python makes sending e-mails relatively easy via the smtplib library, Scrapy provides its own facility for sending e-mails which is very easy to use and it’s implemented using Twisted non-blocking IO, to avoid interfering with the non-blocking IO of the crawler.
虽然Python通过 smtplib 库使得发送email变得很简单，Scrapy仍然提供了自己的实现

It also provides a simple API for sending attachments and it’s very easy to configure, with a few settings.
 该功能十分易用，同时由于采用了 Twisted非阻塞式(non-blocking)IO ，其避免了对爬虫的非阻塞式IO的影响

Quick example¶
简单例子¶

There are two ways to instantiate the mail sender.
有两种方法可以创建邮件发送器(mail sender)

You can instantiate it using the standard constructor:
 您可以通过标准构造器(constructor)创建:

Or you can instantiate it passing a Scrapy settings object, which will respect the settings:
或者您可以传递一个Scrapy设置对象，其会参考 settings:

And here is how to use it to send an e-mail (without attachments):
这是如何来发送邮件了(不包括附件):

Instantiate using a Scrapy settings object, which will respect these Scrapy settings.
使用Scrapy设置对象来初始化对象

Send email to the given recipients.
发送email到给定的接收者

Mail settings¶
Mail设置¶

These settings define the default constructor values of the MailSender class, and can be used to configure e-mail notifications in your project without writing any code (for those extensions and code that uses MailSender).
这些设置定义了 MailSender 构造器的默认值

MAIL_FROM¶
MAIL_FROM¶

Default: 'scrapy@localhost'
默认值: 'scrapy@localhost'

Sender email to use (From: header) for sending emails.
用于发送email的地址(address)(填入 From:) 

MAIL_HOST¶
MAIL_HOST¶

Default: 'localhost'
默认值: 'localhost'

SMTP host to use for sending emails.
发送email的SMTP主机(host)

MAIL_PORT¶
MAIL_PORT¶

Default: 25
默认值: 25

SMTP port to use for sending emails.
发用邮件的SMTP端口

MAIL_USER¶
MAIL_USER¶

Default: None
默认值: None

User to use for SMTP authentication.
SMTP用户

If disabled no SMTP authentication will be performed.
如果未给定，则将不会进行SMTP认证(authentication)

MAIL_PASS¶
MAIL_PASS¶

Default: None
默认值: None

Password to use for SMTP authentication, along with MAIL_USER.
用于SMTP认证，与 MAIL_USER 配套的密码

MAIL_TLS¶
MAIL_TLS¶

Default: False
默认值: False

Enforce using STARTTLS.
强制使用STARTTLS

STARTTLS is a way to take an existing insecure connection, and upgrade it to a secure connection using SSL/TLS.
STARTTLS能使得在已经存在的不安全连接上，通过使用SSL/TLS来实现安全连接

MAIL_SSL¶
MAIL_SSL¶

Default: False
默认值: False

Enforce connecting using an SSL encrypted connection
强制使用SSL加密连接

