Authentication¶
身份认证¶

This document discusses using various kinds of authentication with Requests.
本篇文档讨论如何配合 Requests 使用多种身份认证方式

Many web services require authentication, and there are many different types.
许多 web 服务都需要身份认证，并且也有多种不同的认证类型

Below, we outline various forms of authentication available in Requests, from the simple to the complex.
 以下，我们会从简单到复杂概述 Requests 中可用的几种身份认证形式

Basic Authentication¶
基本身份认证¶

Many web services that require authentication accept HTTP Basic Auth.
许多要求身份认证的web服务都接受 HTTP Basic Auth

This is the simplest kind, and Requests supports it straight out of the box.
这是最简单的一种身份认证，并且 Requests 对这种认证方式的支持是直接开箱即可用

Making requests with HTTP Basic Auth is very simple:
以 HTTP Basic Auth 发送请求非常简单：

In fact, HTTP Basic Auth is so common that Requests provides a handy shorthand for using it:
事实上，HTTP Basic Auth 如此常见，Requests 就提供了一种简写的使用方式：

Providing the credentials in a tuple like this is exactly the same as the HTTPBasicAuth example above.
像这样在一个元组中提供认证信息与前一个 HTTPBasicAuth 例子是完全相同的

netrc Authentication¶
netrc 认证¶

If no authentication method is given with the auth argument, Requests will attempt to get the authentication credentials for the URL's hostname from the user's netrc file.
如果认证方法没有收到 auth 参数，Requests 将试图从用户的 netrc 文件中获取 URL 的 hostname 需要的认证身份

If credentials for the hostname are found, the request is sent with HTTP Basic Auth.
如果找到了 hostname 对应的身份，就会以 HTTP Basic Auth 的形式发送请求

Digest Authentication¶
摘要式身份认证¶

Another very popular form of HTTP Authentication is Digest Authentication, and Requests supports this out of the box as well:
另一种非常流行的 HTTP 身份认证形式是摘要式身份认证，Requests 对它的支持也是开箱即可用的：

OAuth 1 Authentication¶
OAuth 1 认证¶

A common form of authentication for several web APIs is OAuth.
Oauth 是一种常见的 Web API 认证方式

The requests-oauthlib library allows Requests users to easily make OAuth authenticated requests:
 requests-oauthlib 库可以让 Requests 用户简单地创建 OAuth 认证的请求：

For more information on how to OAuth flow works, please see the official OAuth website.
关于 OAuth 工作流程的更多信息，请参见 OAuth 官方网站

For examples and documentation on requests-oauthlib, please see the requests_oauthlib repository on GitHub
 关于 requests-oauthlib 的文档和用例，请参见 GitHub 的 requests_oauthlib 代码库

Other Authentication¶
其他身份认证形式¶

Requests is designed to allow other forms of authentication to be easily and quickly plugged in.
Requests 的设计允许其他形式的身份认证用简易的方式插入其中

Members of the open-source community frequently write authentication handlers for more complicated or less commonly-used forms of authentication.
开源社区的成员时常为更复杂或不那么常用的身份认证形式编写认证处理插件

Some of the best have been brought together under the Requests organization, including:
其中一些最优秀的已被收集在 Requests organization 页面中，包括:

If you want to use any of these forms of authentication, go straight to their GitHub page and follow the instructions.
如果你想使用其中任何一种身份认证形式，直接去它们的GitHub页面，依照说明进行

New Forms of Authentication¶
新的身份认证形式¶

If you can't find a good implementation of the form of authentication you want, you can implement it yourself.
如果你找不到所需要的身份认证形式的一个良好实现，你也可以自己实现它

Requests makes it easy to add your own forms of authentication.
Requests 非常易于添加你自己的身份认证形式

To do so, subclass AuthBase and implement the __call__() method:
要想自己实现，就从 requests.auth.AuthBase 继承一个子类，并实现 __call__() 方法：

When an authentication handler is attached to a request, it is called during request setup.
当一个身份认证模块被附加到一个请求上，在设置 request 期间就会调用该模块

The __call__ method must therefore do whatever is required to make the authentication work.
因此 __call__ 方法必须完成使得身份认证生效的所有事情

Some forms of authentication will additionally add hooks to provide further functionality.
一些身份认证形式会额外地添加钩子来提供进一步的功能

Further examples can be found under the Requests organization and in the auth.py file.
你可以在 Requests organization 页面的 auth.py 文件中找到更多示例

Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings.
Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings. You are currently looking at the documentation of the development release.

Stay Informed
Stay Informed

Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.
Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.

Join Mailing List.
Join Mailing List.

If you enjoy using this project, Say Thanks!
Follow @kennethreitz

More Kenneth Reitz projects:
More Kenneth Reitz projects:

Translations
Translations

Table Of Contents
內容目录

Related Topics
Related Topics

Quick search
快速搜索

