Frequently Asked Questions¶
常见问题¶

This part of the documentation answers common questions about Requests.
这部分的文档回答了有关 Requests 的常见问题

Encoded Data?¶
已编码的数据

Requests automatically decompresses gzip-encoded responses, and does its best to decode response content to unicode when possible.
Requests 自动解压缩的 gzip 编码的响应体，并在可能的情况下尽可能的将响应内容解码为 unicode.

You can get direct access to the raw response (and even the socket), if needed as well.
如果需要的话，你可以直接访问原始响应内容（甚至是套接字）

Custom User-Agents?¶
自定义 User-Agent

Requests allows you to easily override User-Agent strings, along with any other HTTP Header.
Requests 允许你使用其它的 HTTP Header 来轻松的覆盖自带的 User-Agent 字符串

Why not Httplib2?¶
怎么不使用 Httplib2

Chris Adams gave an excellent summary on Hacker News:
Chris Adams 给出了一个很好的总结 Hacker News:

httplib2 is part of why you should use requests: it's far more respectable as a client but not as well documented and it still takes way too much code for basic operations.
httplib2 是你应该使用 Request 的一个原因，尽管 httplib2 名声在外，但它文档欠佳，而且基本操作要写的代码依旧太多

I appreciate what httplib2 is trying to do, that there's a ton of hard low-level annoyances in building a modern HTTP client, but really, just use requests instead.
对于 httplib2 我是很感激的，要写一个现代 HTTP 客户端要跟一吨低级麻烦事打交道，实在是件苦差事

Kenneth Reitz is very motivated and he gets the degree to which simple things should be simple whereas httplib2 feels more like an academic exercise than something people should use to build production systems[1].
但无论如何，还是直接使用 Requests 吧

Disclosure: I'm listed in the requests AUTHORS file but can claim credit for, oh, about 0.0001% of the awesomeness.
免责声明：尽管我名列在 Requests 的 AUTHORS 文件中，但对于 Requests 的优秀状态，我的贡献大约只有 0.0001% 吧

1.
1. http://code.google.com/p/httplib2/issues/detail

http://code.google.com/p/httplib2/issues/detail?id=96 is a good example: an annoying bug which affect many people, there was a fix available for months, which worked great when I applied it in a fork and pounded a couple TB of data through it, but it took over a year to make it into trunk and even longer to make it onto PyPI where any other project which required " httplib2" would get the working version.
id=96 是一个好例子，这个讨厌的 bug 影响了很多人，有人几个月前就写了一个修正，这个修正很有效，我把它放在一个代码分支中，用它处理了几 TB 的数据都没问题，但它花了一年多才进到主分支中，进到 PyPI 则花了更长时间，所以用到 httplib2 的项目花了很长时间才等到问题的解决

Python 3 Support?¶
支持 Python 3 吗

Yes!
当然

Here's a list of Python platforms that are officially supported:
下面是官方支持的python平台列表:

What are "hostname doesn't match" errors?¶
"hostname doesn't match" 错误是怎么回事

These errors occur when SSL certificate verification fails to match the certificate the server responds with to the hostname Requests thinks it's contacting.
当 SSL certificate verification 发现服务器响应的认证和它认为自己连接的主机名不匹配时，就会发生这样的错误

If you're certain the server's SSL setup is correct (for example, because you can visit the site with your browser) and you're using Python 2.6 or 2.7, a possible explanation is that you need Server-Name-Indication.
如果你确定服务器的 SSL 设置是正确的（例如你可以用浏览器访问页面），而且你使用的是 Python 2.6 或者 2.7，那么一个可能的解释就是你需要 Server-Name-Indication

Server-Name-Indication, or SNI, is an official extension to SSL where the client tells the server what hostname it is contacting.
Server-Name-Indication 简称 SNI，是一个 SSL 的官方扩展，其中客户端会告诉服务器它连接了哪个主机名

This is important when servers are using Virtual Hosting.
当服务器使用虚拟主机（ Virtual Hosting）时这点很重要

When such servers are hosting more than one SSL site they need to be able to return the appropriate certificate based on the hostname the client is connecting to.
这样的服务器会服务多个 SSL 网站，所以它们需要能够针对客户端连接的主机名返回正确的证书

Python3 and Python 2.7.9+ include native support for SNI in their SSL modules.
Python 3 和 Python 2.7.9+ 的 SSL 模块包含了原生的 SNI 支持

For information on using SNI with Requests on Python < 2.7.9 refer to this Stack Overflow answer.
更多关于在 Request、SNI 以及 Python < 2.7.9 的信息请参见这个 Stack Overflow 答案

Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings.
Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings. You are currently looking at the documentation of the development release.

Stay Informed
Stay Informed

Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.
Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.

Join Mailing List.
Join Mailing List.

If you enjoy using this project, Say Thanks!
Follow @kennethreitz

More Kenneth Reitz projects:
More Kenneth Reitz projects:

Translations
Translations

Table Of Contents
內容目录

Related Topics
Related Topics

Quick search
快速搜索

