Recommended Packages and Extensions¶
推荐的库和扩展¶

Requests has a great variety of powerful and useful third-party extensions.
Requests 拥有很多强大有用的第三方扩展

This page provides an overview of some of the best of them.
这里概述了其中最好的几个

Certifi CA Bundle¶
Certifi CA Bundle¶

Certifi is a carefully curated collection of Root Certificates for validating the trustworthiness of SSL certificates while verifying the identity of TLS hosts.
Certifi 是一个精心准备的根证书集合，用来验证 SSL 证书的可信任度，同时还会验证 TLS 主机的身份

It has been extracted from the Requests project.
这是一个从 Requests 项目中剥离出来的项目

CacheControl¶
CacheControl¶

CacheControl is an extension that adds a full HTTP cache to Requests.
CacheControl 这个扩展能为 Requests 添加完整的 HTTP 缓存功能

This makes your web requests substantially more efficient, and should be used whenever you're making a lot of web requests.
这样你的 web 请求的效率会高很多，这个扩展适合在需要大量 web 请求的场合使用

Requests-Toolbelt¶
Requests-Toolbelt¶

Requests-Toolbelt is a collection of utilities that some users of Requests may desire, but do not belong in Requests proper.
Requests-Toolbelt 使一些有用工具的集合，有的用户会觉得它们很有用，但 Requests 中不适合将它们包进去

This library is actively maintained by members of the Requests core team, and reflects the functionality most requested by users within the community.
Requests 的核心组积极维护着这个库，它反映了社区用户最想要的一些功能

Requests-OAuthlib¶
Requests-OAuthlib¶

requests-oauthlib makes it possible to do the OAuth dance from Requests automatically.
requests-oauthlib 使得从 Requests 自动进行 OAuth 跳转变成可能

This is useful for the large number of websites that use OAuth to provide authentication.
这对很多使用 OAuth 进行验证的网站都很有用

It also provides a lot of tweaks that handle ways that specific OAuth providers differ from the standard specifications.
它还提供了很多小配置，用来对非标准的 OAuth 提供者进行处理

Betamax¶
Betamax¶

Betamax records your HTTP interactions so the NSA does not have to.
Betamax 记录了你的 HTTP 交互，这样就不需要 NSA 费心了

A VCR imitation designed only for Python-Requests.
这是一个专为 Python-Requests 设计的模拟录像机

Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings.
Requests is an elegant and simple HTTP library for Python, built for human beings. You are currently looking at the documentation of the development release.

Stay Informed
Stay Informed

Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.
Receive updates on new releases and upcoming projects.

Join Mailing List.
Join Mailing List.

If you enjoy using this project, Say Thanks!
Follow @kennethreitz

More Kenneth Reitz projects:
More Kenneth Reitz projects:

Translations
Translations

Table Of Contents
內容目录

Related Topics
Related Topics

Quick search
快速搜索

