13 What Now?¶
13. 接下来

Reading this tutorial has probably reinforced your interest in using Python — you should be eager to apply Python to solving your real-world problems.
读过这本指南应该会让你有兴趣使用 Python —— 可能你已经期待着用 Python 解决你的实际问题了

Where should you go to learn more?
可以在哪里进行一步学习

This tutorial is part of Python’s documentation set.
入门指南是 Python 文档集的一部分

Some other documents in the set are:
其中的另一些文档包括：

The Python Standard Library:
Python 标准库：

You should browse through this manual, which gives complete (though terse) reference material about types, functions, and the modules in the standard library.
应该浏览一下这份文档，它为标准库中的类型、函数和模块提供了完整（尽管很简略）的参考资料

The standard Python distribution includes a lot of additional code.
标准的 Python 发布版包括了 大量 的附加模块

There are modules to read Unix mailboxes, retrieve documents via HTTP, generate random numbers, parse command-line options, write CGI programs, compress data, and many other tasks.
其中有针对读取 Unix 邮箱、接收 HTTP 文档、生成随机数、解析命令行选项、写 CGI 程序、压缩数据以及很多其它任务的模块

Skimming through the Library Reference will give you an idea of what’s available.
略读一下库参考会给你很多解决问题的思路

Installing Python Modules explains how to install additional modules written by other Python users.
安装 Python 模块 展示了如何安装其他 Python 用户编写的附加模块

The Python Language Reference: A detailed explanation of Python’s syntax and semantics.
Python 语言参考： 詳細说明了 Python 语法和语义

It’s heavy reading, but is useful as a complete guide to the language itself.
它读起来很累，不过对于语言本身，有份完整的手册很有用

More Python resources:
其它 Python 资源：

https://www.python.org: The major Python Web site.
http://www.python.org： Python 官方网站

It contains code, documentation, and pointers to Python-related pages around the Web.
它包含代码、文档和 Web 上与 Python 有关的页面链接

This Web site is mirrored in various places around the world, such as Europe, Japan, and Australia;
该网站镜像于全世界的几处其它问题，类似欧洲、日本和澳大利亚

a mirror may be faster than the main site, depending on your geographical location.
镜像可能会比主站快，这取决于你的地理位置

https://docs.python.org: Fast access to Python’s documentation.
http://docs.python.org： 快速访问 Python 的文档

https://pypi.python.org/pypi: The Python Package Index, previously also nicknamed the Cheese Shop, is an index of user-created Python modules that are available for download.
http://pypi.python.org： Python 包索引，以前昵称为奶酪店，索引了可供下载的，用户创建的 Python 模块

Once you begin releasing code, you can register it here so that others can find it.
如果你发布了代码，可以注册到这里，这样别人可以找到它

https://code.activestate.com/recipes/langs/python/: The Python Cookbook is a sizable collection of code examples, larger modules, and useful scripts.
http://code.activestate.com/recipes/langs/python/： Python 食谱是大量的示例代码、大型的集合，和有用的脚本

http://www.pyvideo.org collects links to Python-related videos from conferences and user-group meetings.
值得关注的是这次资源已经结集成书，名为《Python 食谱》（O’Reilly & Associates, ISBN 0-596-00797-3

https://scipy.org: The Scientific Python project includes modules for fast array computations and manipulations plus a host of packages for such things as linear algebra, Fourier transforms, non-linear solvers, random number distributions, statistical analysis and the like.
http://scipy.org: The Scientific Python 项目包括数组快速计算和处理模块，和大量线性代数、傅里叶变换、非线性solvers、随机数分布，统计分析以及类似的包

For Python-related questions and problem reports, you can post to the newsgroup comp.lang.python, or send them to the mailing list at python-list@python.org.
与 Python 有关的问题，以及问题报告，可以发到新闻组 comp.lang.python ，或者发送到邮件组 python-list@python.org 

The newsgroup and mailing list are gatewayed, so messages posted to one will automatically be forwarded to the other.
新闻组和邮件组是开放的，所以发送的消息可以自动的跟到另一个之后

There are hundreds of postings a day, asking (and answering) questions, suggesting new features, and announcing new modules.
每天有超过 120 个投递（高峰时有数百）,提问（以及回答）问题，为新功能提建议，发布新模块

Before posting, be sure to check the list of Frequently Asked Questions (also called the FAQ).
在发信之前，请查阅 常见问题 (亦称 FAQ)，或者在 Python 源码发布包的 Misc/ 目录中查阅

The FAQ answers many of the questions that come up again and again, and may already contain the solution for your problem.
邮件组也可以在 http://mail.python.org/pipermail/ 访问

