cookies
如何操作Cookie

You want to set and retrieve cookies for a user browsing the site.
如何设置和获取用户的Cookie

Solution
解法

Web.py comes with an easy to use method for setting/getting cookies.
对web.py而言，设置/获取Cookie非常方便

Setting Cookies
设置Cookies

Overview
概述

Example
示例

web.setcookie() can be used to set the cookie for a user, like this:
用web.setcookie() 设置cookie,如下:

Calling the above class with GET will set a cookie named "age" with a default value equal to "25" (this default value actually comes from the web.input processing, NOT the setcookie function), which expires in 1 hour (3600 seconds).
用 GET方式调用上面的类将设置一个名为age,默认值是25的cookie(实际上，默认值25是在web.input中赋予i.age的，从而间接赋予 cookie，而不是在setcookie函式中直接赋予cookie的)

The third (and optional) argument to web.setcookie(), "expires", allows you to set when you want your cookie to expire.
web.setcookie()的第三个参数－"expires"是一个可选参数，它用来设定cookie过期的时间

Any negative number will expire the cookie immediately.
如果是负数，cookie将立刻过期

Any positive number is the number of seconds that the cookie will last (3600 would result in an hour long cookie).
如果是正数，就表示cookie的有效时间是多久，以秒为单位

Leaving this argument empty results in a session cookie, which expires when your browser shuts down.
如果该参数为空，cookie就永不过期

Retrieving Cookies
获得Cookies

Overview
概述

There are many methods to retrieve cookies, depending on the desired reaction to a missing cookie.
获取Cookie的值有很多方法，它们的区别就在于找不到cookie时如何处理

Example
示例：

web.cookies() can be used to access an already set cookie.
用web.cookies() 访问cookie. 如果已经用web.setcookie()设置了Cookie, 就可以象下面这样获得Cookie:

The example sets a default value for the cookie if it does not exist.
这个例子为cookie设置了默认值

The reason for setting a default value is that if the cookie is attempted to be accessed, but does not exist, web.cookies() raises an exception.
这么做的原因是在访问时，若cookie不存在，web.cookies()就会抛出异常，如果事先设置了默认值就不会出现这种情况

Sometimes, you want to know specifically if something doesn't exist, in which case you can use something like the following:
如果要确认cookie值是否存在，可以这样做：

This code attempts to use the cookie submitted by the browser, but does not give it a default value.
或

or
started by Aaron Swartz (webpy@aaronsw.com)

